

In the Moon Worship Region, there was a sacred place in the center called the Repentance Plain.

It was sacred before because it was where the Imperial Palace of the ruler of this region was.

The current holiness was because it was the headquarters of the Red Moon Shrine.

Although it was referred to as plain, in reality, it was an inland island surrounded by a sea of blood from countless beings. However, its expanse was vast, comparable to the size of an entire county.

On this Repentance Plain stood a kneeling statue. Its height surpassed all the mountains in the Moon Worship Region and seemed to reach the sky.

This was the former ruler of this region.

Even in death, a terrifying pressure still emanated from it and enveloped the surroundings. Above its head stood a huge palace in the shape of a crown.

This palace was red like a sealing shackle that suppressed this statue, causing the knees of the ruler statue to sink slightly every year.

This was the headquarters of the Red Moon Shrine.

There were countless temples built around the statue. The cultivators entering and exiting them wore red robes. Everyone was very quiet and everything was silent.

This was because the divine son didn't like noise.

However, today, two rainbows shot over from the north and east. They were like two sharp blades that tore through the sky, destroying the silence.

The rainbow from the north carried an endless aura of death and transformed into the armored daughter of the ruler.

The figure from the east stirred up endless storms which then gathered into a brown robe.

A momentum that could swallow mountains and rivers manifested from the two figures, causing the firmament to ripple and void to collapse wherever they passed.

Their arrival caused the sea of blood on the ground to surge and the temples to shake.

The terrifying aura carried the intent to destroy the world. The instant it descended, a gentle voice rang out from the temple on the ruler statue.

"Brother Crown Prince, and my dear Third Sister, your escape surprised me greatly."

As the voice rang out, a red figure walked out of the temple.

His appearance caused the color of the sky to change. Thousands of auspicious lights shone brightly and endless light spread out from his body, spreading to the entire world.

He stepped into the sky, causing the heavens and earth to blur and all things to distort as he faced his blood relatives.

As they looked at each other, the three incredible figures initiated a collision of their respective worlds, blurring everything.

The level of their battle wasn't something that most living beings could sense. Everyone on the ground could only see the sky churning and the sun, moon, and stars appearing at the same time.

Countless temple cultivators lowered their heads with pious expressions. All of them bowed and muttered.

"Lord Red Moon, guide the Wanggu. Mourn for all living beings, and enjoy paradise."

This voice was like a song that floated in the world.

As for the final outcome of this divine battle that happened in the Repentance Plain, no one knew. However, the fluctuations caused by this battle enveloped the entire sky of the Moon Worship Region.

It was as though the heavenly fire crossing the sky phenomenon had appeared again, affecting the rules and disrupting the laws.

All living beings couldn't rise into the sky during this period of time. Even the sun where Xu Qing and the group were at rapidly sank after nearing the south.

In the end, it was put away by the captain. The four of them had no choice but to land on the ground and stand on the top of a mountain.

Stepping on the mountain rock, the captain and Xu Qing looked into the distance. As for Wu Jianwu, his heart pounded with fear and his expression was solemn.

A long time later, the captain and Xu Qing looked at each other.

"They've started a war," Xu Qing calmly said.

"It's too early. It's very difficult to succeed."

The captain shook his head. After commenting, he took out a peach and took a bite.

 "However, it's not a bad thing for us. It's just that this matter isn't something we can participate in at the moment. Let's continue our plan."

"Little Qing, next is your Eldest Senior Brother's territory. Are you ready?"

To the captain, the most important thing now wasn't the battle in the temple but the Heavenly Bull Mountain they were going to.

He was going to let Xu Qing know his past glory.

Xu Qing was expressionless. The other party had said this seven to eight times on the way.

Seeing that Xu Qing wasn't cooperating anymore, the captain threw out an apple. Xu Qing caught it and took a bite, his face revealing anticipation.

The captain was instantly satisfied.

Wu Jianwu and Ning Yan, who were at the side, looked at each other and sighed. Previously, when Xu Qing wasn't around, the captain had never given fruits to them. Now that Xu Qing was around, they still didn't receive them.

"Let's go!" The captain was smug and was about to move forward.

Xu Qing stopped in his tracks and looked at the sky.

"Eldest Senior Brother, what do you think will happen if we attract heavenly tribulation at this time?"

The captain immediately understood what Xu Qing meant. After glancing at Wu Jianwu and Ning Yan, he transmitted his voice.

'Your Purple Moon Nascent Soul?'

Xu Qing nodded. After experiencing the incident in the northern icy plains, all of his nascent souls had reached the great circle of perfection of the first tribulation.

The captain fell silent. After looking at the sky, he laughed.

"Junior brother, your idea is interesting. This region has experienced a battle of extraordinary scale, causing the laws of heaven and earth to become chaotic. This is not a common occurrence, and at a time like this, invoking a heavenly tribulation may result in two possible outcomes."

"The first outcome is that the heavenly tribulation can't arrive and is stopped outside, allowing you to avoid the tribulation and obtain the heavenly mandate."

"As for the second outcome, the heavenly tribulation will be even more powerful and might even affect the soul."

"So, have you thought it through?" The captain looked at Xu Qing.

Xu Qing fell silent and slowly spoke.

"If it's the latter, I should be able to obtain more heavenly mandates and temper my soul."































































The captain's eyes revealed a strange glint.

"That's right, the tempering of the soul. This tribulation's effect on it should be very good ."

"I want to give it a try." After Xu Qing thought about it, he calmly spoke.

"In fact, there's another method; you can hide in your small world," the captain licked his lips. He was quite interested in the idea proposed by Xu Qing.

Upon hearing this, Xu Qing found it to be reasonable. So, the two of them discussed for a while and found a nearby valley to make their preparations.

Ning Yan and Wu Jianwu watched the two of them discussing this the entire time. They found it unbelievable and started conversing.

"Why do I feel that they're courting death again?"

"Be more confident and remove the word 'feel'…" Ning Yan sighed and quickly left the valley. He had a bad feeling but before he could run far, his premonition came true.

A suction force erupted from the valley, enveloping him and pulling him in.

"Junior Brother, we still have a weapon. With this weapon, you can be more confident."

The captain's voice echoed in the valley. Wu Jianwu shivered and quickly left. When he was ten thousand feet away, he hid in a depression and looked at the distant valley. He then heard a huge boom coming from the sky.

This thunder was so loud that it seemed to explode everything in the sky, as though a god was roaring angrily in the sky.



Wu Jianwu took a deep breath and retreated another ten thousand feet before he felt a little more at ease.

At that moment, the changes in the sky were even more terrifying. A huge vortex rumbled and appeared. Countless bolts of lightning swam inside and finally gathered together, forming a lightning dragon.

Under Wu Jianwu's shocking gaze, the lightning dragon roared angrily and rushed toward the valley.

At the next moment, the ground quaked and the valley was instantly enveloped by the lightning dragon. Mountain rocks collapsed and countless lightning bolts spread out on the ground, turning this place into a lightning pool.

Vaguely, Ning Yan's blood-curdling screams could be heard.

Wu Jianwu's scalp went numb. When he retreated again, the vortex in the sky spun even more vastly. The second lightning was drawn from all directions. Even the lightning pool on the ground rose and connected to the sky.

Looking around, the lightning in this area continued to arrive one after another until they all converged, crashing down once again towards the collapsing valley.

The ground cracked.

Wu Jianwu was also affected by it, and his hair stood on end as he ran desperately.

And so, the lightning struck time and time again, with the area it covered growing larger and the thunder becoming more deafening. This continued for seven days.

Finally, when the area within 500 kilometers turned into dry and charred soil, the last bolt of lightning arrived. It actually transformed into a huge lightning spear that pierced through the sky and headed straight for the ground.

More fissures spread throughout the land.

Wu Jianwu, who was 500 kilometers away, trembled when he saw all of this.

At that moment, he was certain of one thing. Xu Qing's madness wasn't inferior to Chen Erniu's. In fact, it was even worse in some places.

"No, I have to leave. If I follow Chen Erniu, I'll feel like I'm constantly walking on the edge of life and death. Now, with this Xu Qing added, I am no longer walking on the edge of life and death, I'm walking on the path of death!"

Wu Jianwu's eyes were filled with determination as he turned and ran.

In order not to be found, he even changed directions many times. However, after running for a few days, a familiar figure appeared behind him and a voice called out.

"Big Jianjian, stop running. Don't be afraid. Haha, it's over."

Wu Jianwu wailed inwardly and pretended not to hear as he sped up. However, in the end, he was still not as fast as the captain. After three to five breaths of time, the captain's figure appeared behind Wu Jianwu, pressing down on his shoulder.

Wu Jianwu turned his head with a long face and saw the captain's hateful face that was filled with smiles.

The captain didn't mind Wu Jianwu's expression at all. He went up and put his hand around the latter's neck enthusiastically.

"Big Jianjian, why are you running? Aren't you my good friend? This place is very dangerous. We're from the same hometown. It's safer to follow us. If it wasn't for Little Ningning sensing your tracks, I would have really left you alone."

When Wu Jianwu heard this, he glared angrily at Ning Yan.

 Ning Yan was held in the captain's hand as he smiled at Wu Jianwu. He had a look that said, 'Don't even think about leaving me to suffer alone.'

Wu Jianwu was fuming. At that moment, he also noticed the pale-faced and weak Xu Qing behind the captain.

Xu Qing's clothes were already tattered and his hair was disheveled. However, his spirit was very good and the aura on his body was clearly stronger than before.

However, right now, his walking was a little shaky and lightning occasionally drilled out of his body.

The might of the lightning tribulation earlier was so great that when Xu Qing recalled it, his heart palpitated.

Fortunately, with the small world, when he couldn't hold on any longer, he would retreat into it, recover, and then rush out to endure the lightning tribulation again, with the captain assisting from outside.

Even so, Xu Qing still reached his limit many times. He finally endured this torture to the end and successfully survived this strengthened tribulation, obtaining even more heavenly mandates.

More importantly, under the baptism of the lightning, his soul was clearly much stronger than before.

"This way, after enduring the fifth tribulation, my soul will no longer be weak!"

Xu Qing gritted his teeth.

With Wu Jianwu's return, the group was complete again and they quickly headed toward the Heavenly Bull Mountain.

It was unknown how the captain coaxed him on the way, but Wu Jianwu finally agreed. A smile appeared on his face and he started reciting poems.

However, he was very angry with Ning Yan and didn't say a word to him.































































As for Xu Qing, he didn't pay any attention to the others. He continued on his way while channeling the purple crystal within his body to accelerate his physical recovery. Due to the immense power of the previous lightning tribulation, his skin had suffered severe damage. As a result, during this recovery process, Xu Qing's skin began to peel.

Just like that, half a month passed.

As the restrictive power in the air weakened, the captain's artificial sun was able to rise once again, causing their speed to increase. Hence, half a month later, the Heavenly Bull Mountain was reflected in everyone's eyes.

The Unending Heavenly Bull Mountain was located in the Unending Mountain Range.

The mountain range was huge and there were many small sects and clans on it.

Because the environment was different from the north and east, the vegetation here was lush. The entire mountain range was green, and even the sky wasn't that dim.

Life force was very abundant here.

"Do you see that? The tallest mountain is the Heavenly Bull Mountain."

The captain pointed at the distant mountain range and spoke proudly.

"Let me tell you guys. Back then, this Heavenly Bull Mountain was the holy land here. Its status was extremely high!"

"But let's not dwell on the past; those were just past glories. Now, here, there are many sects that have formed an alliance."

"As for the name, ahem, they were touched by the legends here, so they named it the Heavenly Bull Alliance."



When the captain said these words, he felt extremely comfortable. After he obtained this information in Fenghai County, he had been in a good mood for a few days.

When Xu Qing heard this, he appropriately displayed admiration and looked at the sky.

"Do you feel that it's brighter than other places?" The captain smiled.

"This is because the sky here has been broken before and the mountain range is special. It can emit a certain amount of light, so this Unending Mountain Range is quite famous in the Moon Worship Region."

"Let's go. I'll bring you guys to the main city at the foot of the mountain first."

"Because there are many cultivators here, a city slowly formed at the foot of the mountain. It's very lively inside."

The captain placed his hands behind his back and led Xu Qing and the others forward as though he was returning home. Very soon, a huge city appeared in Xu Qing's vision.

The distant bustling sounds suggested that there were many cultivators from various tribes as well as common people living in this place.

Outside the city gate, the captain deliberately coughed and raised his chin, indicating that they should look at the name of the city on the wall.

Welcome to Bull City.

These four words exuded an ancient aura, as though they had existed for a long time.

Wu Jianwu and Ning Yan looked at the name of the city and couldn't help but look at the captain. The captain was delighted and looked at Xu Qing.

Xu Qing stared at the four words and his expression changed.

The captain laughed and walked forward in satisfaction.

"Do you see that? This is a city built to welcome me. Since I'm here, I'm at home."

The captain was in high spirits as he strode forward. However, there was a small interlude when they entered the city gate. They had to pay a considerable amount of spirit stones to enter.

The captain had just said that this was his home, so he was a little unhappy about the fee.

Ning Yan lowered his head and Wu Jianwu looked around. They didn't have money.

Xu Qing blinked and could tell that the captain was unhappy. Hence, he comforted him softly.

"Eldest Senior Brother, it's fine. They don't know who you are. Moreover, this is your territory to begin with. Isn't this fee also yours?"

The captain's eyes revealed admiration. He felt that Little Qing was really too considerate. Hence, he paid the spirit stones happily from his own pocket and brought them into the city.

What greeted them was a lively atmosphere. There were many people from different races and sects in this city. There were also many shops and it looked very prosperous.

As he walked in the city, the captain looked around with emotions in his eyes. When he saw a spiritual pool establishment, he stopped in his tracks and a reminiscent expression appeared on his face.

 "This Unending Mountain Range has a spiritual river that winds down, forming several spiritual pools. Over the years, it seems that even the cities below the mountain have diverted water from it. Back in the day, I used to enjoy taking baths on the mountain, and the female cultivators from below would soak in my bathwater."

"Let's go. I'll bring you guys to take a bath first. After everyone is refreshed, we'll go to my house."

As the captain spoke, he walked toward that spiritual pool establishment.

The owner was also a cultivator. When he saw Xu Qing and the others, he nodded slightly. After collecting the fees, he brought them in.

The pools in the building weren't small and there were many people. Although it was divided into individual areas, amidst the piping hot air, the sounds of laughter and chatting could still be heard.

At this point, Ning Yan and Wu Jianwu each occupied one individual area. They took off their robes and soaked in the pool, revealing comfortable expressions. This was especially so for Wu Jianwu. He simply spent more money to let his sons enjoy the spiritual pool.

The captain was alone in a pool. He spread his arms and leaned against the edge, letting out a long breath.

Xu Qing was in another pool. Ling'er crawled out and quickly transformed into her human form. She leaned against Xu Qing with a red face and narrowed her eyes.

Xu Qing smiled and closed his eyes. His mood also calmed down.

He had shed his skin many times on the journey. Now that his body was soaking in the spiritual pool, his entire body was being nourished, and it felt very comfortable.

After they got used to the atmosphere here, the laughter and chatter in the surroundings no longer felt noisy. It was as though this was a part of the pool.

After some time, some discussions in the pool in the distance attracted Xu Qing's attention.

"What a pity. All the spiritual pools at the foot of the mountain will be closed next month. It's said that the spiritual river has been completely cut off and will be gathered in the sect."































































"Nothing we can do. Fairy Xianghan is getting married, and she wants a one-month purification ceremony. Most of the forces in the Unending Mountain Range are giving her face in this matter. Even the Yin Yang Flower Sect agreed."

"Isn't it all because of Fairy Xianghan's fiance, Xuan Mingzi? As the number one expert in the Unending Mountain Range, everyone can only agree."

"However, this Fairy Xianghan is indeed beautiful and captivating. I saw her once last year, and she truly possesses unparalleled beauty."

"I heard that this Fairy Xianghan wasn't a cultivator of our Unending Mountain Range. She suddenly arrived a few years ago. She was originally just passing by but she fell in love with Xuan Mingzi at first sight."

These words, mixed in with laughter, reached Xu Qing's ears.

Xu Qing paid attention to these conversations. This was his habit. No matter where he went, the environment and information were key.

This was especially so for the latter. After experiencing some trouble caused by the lack of information at the Heavenly Fire Sea, he attached greater importance to this matter.

Wu Jianwu and Ning Yan didn't care about these. However, the captain pricked up his ears and looked at Xu Qing.

"It has nothing to do with us. In our family, this is just a small fry."

Seeing how confident the captain was, Xu Qing nodded and closed his eyes to continue bathing.

After an hour had passed, when they left the spiritual pool establishment, they were all revitalized, feeling refreshed and invigorated. The breeze that blew past them was refreshing, and their spirits were high.

Even though Xu Qing was disguised, his tall and graceful figure attracted some attention as they walked out. Especially when Ling'er transformed into her human form, her blushing little face made her exceptionally beautiful. Walking beside Xu Qing, she also drew many gazes.

Wu Jianwu also felt refreshed, and the frustration in his heart had dissipated significantly. Walking on the road with Xu Qing and the others, he decided to take out a fan and began to speak while fanning himself.



"Clouds in the sky reach the mountains, the stone in my heart is higher than the earth!"

"If the spirit feather turns into mortal hair, who could claim that the form remains the same!"

Wu Jianwu usually composed single lines of poetry and rarely delivered four-line verses like this. After saying it now, he had a face full of emotion.

Ning Yan, who was at the side, immediately took a few steps away. The captain didn't understand either.

Xu Qing directly ignored him.

As for the passersby in the surroundings, many of them looked over in surprise.

Wu Jianwu grunted in his heart, thinking, 'Just a bunch of brutes, how could you understand the profound meaning hidden within my poetry.'

At the thought of this, a sense of superiority and loneliness spread in Wu Jianwu's heart. As he shook his head, he followed Xu Qing and the others and slowly walked away.

He didn't notice that there were two women sitting on the second floor of the pavilion at the side.

One woman was speaking with her head bowed, while the other, a middle-aged woman with some charm, had a moved expression at the moment.

She didn't bother with the subordinate opposite her. She stood up and lifted the curtain, looking at the streets in the distance. Her gaze then landed on Wu Jianwu's back view.

Her expression slowly revealed admiration.

"This person is remarkable. He used mountains and stones as metaphors for determination and conveyed his inner aspirations through the metaphor of spirits and mortals. He has the style of the ancient sovereign!"

"In today's world, there are not many people with such talent and literary grace."

The subordinate behind the woman hesitated for a moment upon hearing this, then also looked over. She knew that her sect master had always admired Ancient Sovereign Mystic Nether, and being praised like this by the sect master meant that this person was certainly extraordinary. So, she whispered softly.

"Sect Master, shall I go and investigate that young master's identity?"

"There's no need. Everything in my Yin Yang Flower Sect is about fate. Moreover, with his talent, he probably wouldn't like being probed."

The middle-aged woman spoke softly. After that, her gaze turned sharp as she looked at her subordinate.

"Have you found out more about Daoist Xiang Han's background?"

The subordinate immediately lowered her head and spoke respectfully.

"I found out some information. The person was originally at the Nihility Realm, but she suffered severe injuries and her cultivation dropped."

"The name is also not real, and the claimed origins are false. Although there are curses on her, they are not extensive. From this, it can be deduced that she is a cultivator from another region, and her soul is incomplete."

 "Based on where she first appeared, it's not the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven or the Black Heaven. There's a high chance that she entered from the direction of the Holy Wave Race."

"As for the purpose of coming here, it's unknown, but she did meet Xuan Mingzi more than a year ago."

After finishing speaking, the subordinate remained silent and then the middle-aged woman waved her hand, causing her to disappear and leave quickly.

When the surroundings were empty, the middle-aged woman looked into the distance and muttered.

"Why does this Xianghan have the aura of the Soul Accumulation…"































































Wu Jianwu followed behind the captain and Xu Qing, shaking his head as he walked, unaware that in this world, there had finally appeared someone who appreciated him and understood the meaning behind his poems.

"The lonely leaf is missing half its body, how can a bird fly high without wings."

Wu Jianwu sighed softly.

Ning Yan curled his lips and thought to himself that this Wu Jianwu's brain must be different from ordinary people. If he could stand at the top of the world one day, he would definitely give the order to open the latter's head and see what nonsense demon was playing mischief inside.

Wu Jianwu vaguely sensed that something was amiss with Ning Yan's gaze. He turned his head and snorted coldly.

"A shameless child, three feet tall; upon closer look, it's just dog poop!"

Ning Yan glared angrily and wanted to flare up. However, when he thought of all sorts of ferocious beasts with the other party, he held it in.

At this moment, the captain's voice rang out from ahead.

"The two of you, stop. It's almost time. I'll bring you guys to my house."

"I'll let you guys see what it means to be magnificent and rich. My tomb was built with countless effort and there is astonishing wealth left behind in it!"

"Big Jianjian, I have five scrolls of the Ancient Sovereign that you wanted!"



"Little Ningning, I have seven types of bloodline atavism items. You can choose whatever you want."

"Also, Junior Brother, let me tell you. This is the foundation of our great things and the source of the collapse of the Red Moon Shrine in the future!"

"Remember to hold your jaw later. Otherwise, it'll fall easily!"

The captain's eyes revealed pride. He lifted his chin and sped forward.

Seeing that the captain was so confident and had a look of longing on his face, Xu Qing felt a little curious. He had guessed about the captain's previous life but he didn't have any clues.

However, from the captain's performance on the way, it was certain that his previous life's status was extraordinary.

Hence, his eyes revealed anticipation.

Even Wu Jianwu stopped reciting poetry and quickened his pace. Ning Yan's expression also became excited. As for Ling'er, her eyes revealed deep curiosity.

Just like that, the five of them left Welcome Bull City and entered the Unending Mountain Range under the falling of night.

The captain led the way, even though he hadn't been here for a long time. After all, this place was where he had lived in his past life. At the beginning, he needed to carefully identify his surroundings, but he soon became familiar with the area.

Four hours later, the five of them had already entered deep into the Unending Mountain Range. They passed by one mountain peak after another. Every time they passed by a place, the captain would speak with reminiscence.

"This place used to be called the Fair Maiden Peak. Back then, the sect of a beauty that pursued me was in this peak. What a pity. Now that she's already bones, she can't chase after me anymore."

"This place used to be the Three Cauldrons Sect. It was the hometown of a good friend of mine back in the day. I miss him so much. He belonged to the Artifact Race and was much stronger than little Ninging. He could freely transform into various weapons."

"Time changes, and things and people are no longer the same."

The captain sighed with emotion, his lamenting voice echoing around, and finally, in the pitch-black night, he led Xu Qing and the others to a bare foothill in the Unending Mountain Range.

On the way, they stopped at seven places. Every time, the captain would perform a series of hand seals, as though he was opening a seal.

"The opening of the tomb of my previous life requires eight steps. Moreover, it has to have my mark and be completed in six hours. The sequence can't be wrong. If any step goes wrong, it won't work. The most crucial aspect is to synchronize with the intervals of time, neither more nor less."

"This is the last place."

The captain looked at the bare mountain. Everything here looked normal and nothing could be inferred from the surroundings.

He sized it up, calculated the time, and raised his right hand to form a seal. Then, he pressed it forward.

The ground trembled slightly and the mountain rocks seemed to be dislocated.

After sensing it, a smile appeared on the captain's face. He suddenly smacked his chest, spitting out a large mouthful of blood that splattered onto the ground. The blood quickly fused into it and disappeared in the blink of an eye.

It wasn't over. He swiftly circled around the short mountain, running and striking himself. In the midst of the shock of Ning Yan and Wu Jianwu, the captain spewed out numerous mouthfuls of blood.

The blood all merged into the soil, leaving no trace behind, as if it had soaked deep within.

 After about fifteen minutes, the captain returned, panting and pale, but with an excited and triumphant expression, as he spoke.

"Unlocking the tomb requires following all the steps correctly. Any mistake in the process is unacceptable. Apart from me, no one else can achieve this."

Xu Qing calculated the amount of blood the captain spat out. It was about the blood of more than 200 people. Hence, his expression also revealed a strange expression. Other than the captain, very few people could do this.

"Now, open your eyes wide!"

The captain laughed loudly and stomped on the ground. Immediately, the soil under his feet caved in, forming a vortex that swallowed his figure.

Xu Qing didn't hesitate and brought Ling'er over. Ning Yan and Wu Jianwu followed closely behind and the five of them instantly entered the vortex.

At the next instant, the vortex disappeared and everything returned to normal.

When the restrictions here were set up, they clearly took into account energy fluctuations and concealment. Hence, from the start to the end, everything was finished silently.

As for the place this vortex led to, Xu Qing couldn't sense it. At that moment, as his vision became clearer, the five of them were already in a cave.

The area was quite extensive, forming an elliptical shape with a height of several thousands of feet. Twelve enormous statues stood around them.

Among them, there were humans and nonhumans. Some held weapons, and some glared angrily. All of them exuded an ancient aura. Compared to them, Xu Qing and the other three felt as though they had arrived in the country of giants.































































Ahead of them was a massive throne, empty except for a stone-made crown, and nothing else.

Although it was simple, it emitted a sense of domineeringness and crudeness.

Ning Yan looked over. After seeing the layout clearly, he took a deep breath.

"The twelve rulers are 990 feet tall, and the throne they worship is 1,000 feet tall. This is the stature of a great emperor!"

Wu Jianwu didn't understand these but even he felt that it was impressive, and looked at the captain with deep suspicion.

Xu Qing's heart also stirred. From the layout of this place, the captain's previous life was definitely extraordinary. Ling'er's eyes were wide open in disbelief.

Sensing everyone's gazes, the captain sighed softly.

This voice was filled with reminiscence and vicissitudes as it echoed in the cave. When the lingering sound filled the air, he lifted his feet and slowly walked forward.

Under everyone's gaze, the captain walked step by step to the front. His figure also enlarged at this moment. When he was a thousand feet tall, he sat on the throne and looked down at the ground.

This height, this gaze, and the aura from all directions made the captain look like an emperor returning to his throne.

Wu Jianwu instinctively shuddered and lowered his head to bow. Ning Yan also felt his legs weaken.

Only Xu Qing suppressed the waves in his heart and revealed a puzzled expression. He looked at the surroundings and the huge figure that the captain had transformed into and suddenly spoke.

"Eldest Senior Brother, this place is fake, right?"



As soon as Xu Qing spoke, Ning Yan and Wu Jianwu's eyes widened. As for the captain, his expression was still dignified as he continued to stare at Xu Qing.

Xu Qing turned his head and looked at the void to his right as he expressionlessly spoke.

"Eldest Senior Brother, stop fooling around."

Laughter rang out from the place Xu Qing was looking at and the captain's figure appeared in the void.

Ning Yan and Wu Jianwu abruptly looked over and then at the huge figure on the seat. They immediately understood that the person on the seat was only an illusion. The captain had hidden himself after arriving here.

The captain ignored Ning Yan and Wu Jianwu's expressions. He smiled and looked at Xu Qing.

"Haha, Junior Brother, you know me best. That's right, this place was set up to guard against tomb raiders. Although the method to open it is complicated and only I know about it, in order to prevent any accidents, I specially built this place."

"This way, if any tomb raiders come, they will definitely be fooled by this place and fall into a calamity of death."

The captain said proudly.

"I've done things related to tomb raiding my entire life. I know them too well."

Xu Qing nodded. This was in line with the captain's style.

"Let's go. There are eight more places like this, all prepared by me to prevent tomb raiders."

The captain had a sneaky look on his face as he walked forward. He brought Xu Qing and the others to the throne and spat out a large mouthful of blood, forming a vortex that he jumped into.

Just like that, they continued forward and passed by six places the captain had mentioned. Every one of them was built incomparably realistically, each more vast than the last. This was especially so for the sixth one, which gave off a feeling of clouds lingering around it. The scenery vaguely seeped out from it, causing Ning Yan, who clearly knew that it was fake, to be shocked again.

That was clearly the style of an ancient sovereign.

In the sixth fake land, the captain plucked a wisp of cloud and spat out a mouthful of blood to fuse with it. Finally, it transformed into a huge fog gate.

"Generally, when people enter here and break through the illusions in succession, they instinctively think that there's still more left, so I did the opposite and hid the real path here."

"Once we open this gate, we will reach the first level of my residence in my previous life."

The captain stood in front of the gate and spoke, looking like a proud peacock.

Wu Jianwu was completely shocked along the way. In order to prevent tomb raiders, so many false tombs had been set up, so he felt like the real tomb must be even more extravagant.

However, this wasn't the focus of Ning Yan's thoughts. He couldn't help but speak.

"There are still two fake tombs left, right? What are their layouts?"

 The captain smiled but didn't say anything. He raised his right hand and waved it. The sun of the Lone Sun Race appeared in front of him and flashed toward the fog gate in front of him.

It flashed a total of nine times.

After the nine flashes, the fog gate rumbled and slowly opened.

"I'm home. Sigh, I haven't been back for a long time. I missed it a lot."

The captain could already imagine Xu Qing and the others being dumbfounded by his collection. Hence, he pretended to be calm and raised his hand, putting on an inviting expression.

Xu Qing was indeed filled with anticipation. He took a step forward and Ning Yan and Wu Jianwu quickly followed. After they stepped in, the captain smiled proudly and also stepped in.

When they appeared, a huge cave abode appeared in front of everyone.

"This is… Hmm?"

The captain paused and looked around, stunned for a moment.

The cave abode was empty.

There was not even the throne. It was clean, as though it had been cleaned from the inside out. Even the corners weren't spared.

Xu Qing had a strange expression. Ning Yan blinked and Wu Jianwu raised his brows.

Ling'er whispered to Xu Qing.

"This place is so clean."

The captain quickly turned his head and swept his gaze across the surroundings. The more he looked, the more panicked he became. He felt that something was amiss but on the surface, he was still strong and calm.

"There's nothing much on the first level to begin with. It has been so long, so it's normal for them to weather."

"All my good things are on the second level. I even specially arranged them back then."































































Speaking of this, the captain took a few quick steps and arrived at the wall directly in front of the cave. With a flick of his sleeve, the wall immediately rumbled, forming an illusionary stone door.

Seeing that the stone door was intact, the captain heaved a sigh of relief inwardly. He lifted his hand to his mouth and licked it, smearing his saliva all over it. He didn't forget to explain to Xu Qing.

"To open this door, you need my saliva and palm. Without this, no one can open it."

With that, the captain pressed his hand against the door.

"Open!"

The door rumbled and shook a few times before it stopped moving.

Xu Qing blinked and looked at the captain with Ling'er.

Wu Jianwu and Ning Yan also looked over.

The captain was surprised. After he retracted his hand, he simply changed to his left hand. After licking it more thoroughly, he pressed down again.

The stone door shook even more intensely but it still didn't open.

The captain's forehead was covered in sweat. Sensing that everyone's gazes were on him, he coughed.

"It's been too long. There might be a small problem. It's fine, it's fine. I still have a backup plan."



As he spoke, the captain lifted his hands and pressed down with all his might. The door shook even more than before but there was still no sign of it opening. The captain glared and directly bit the tip of his tongue, spitting out a large mouthful of blood.

His blood caused the door to shake crazily but it didn't open.

Xu Qing's eyes gleamed. He took a step forward and directly punched. The fluctuations from the door became even more intense.

The captain took a deep breath and was completely anxious.

"What are you all standing around for? Come and help me! Something's f*cking wrong. Someone has changed the way to open my door!"

Wu Jianwu muttered inwardly but still chose to summon his descendants.

The giant bear and the parrot appeared first. Immediately after, many ferocious beasts with different appearances descended one after another and blasted toward the door.

Ning Yan had a bad feeling. Just as he was about to retreat, the captain raised his hand and grabbed at the air. Immediately, the vine on his stomach fluttered. The captain grabbed it and swung it ruthlessly. Ning Yan wailed as his body slammed into the door.

A rumbling sound rang out.

His skin was rough and his flesh was thick, so nothing happened to him. Under their combined efforts, the door finally barely opened a crack.

The captain was anxious. After the gap appeared, he used all his strength to cough out blood and spat it into the crack one mouthful after another. His blood was omnipotent in the arrangements he made in his previous life…

Hence, as the blood fused into it, the gap grew larger and larger. Finally, with a majestic boom, the stone door completely opened. A huge cave was reflected in the eyes of Xu Qing and the others.

This place… was a mess.

It was clear that it had been robbed. Everything had been ransacked, with a mess all around. Countless pill bottles were shattered, shelves had collapsed, and there was even a stench of decay in the air.

The captain was dumbfounded.

Xu Qing's eyes gleamed as he moved in the cave, observing the traces in the chaos.

Wu Jianwu, who was at the side, let out a long sigh. This scene made him unable to help but recite a poem.

"The bull happily returns home, but the house is desolately empty…"

"Big Jianjian's meaning is that Senior Brother Erniu, there was a thief in your house," Ning Yan said softly.

The captain turned his head and looked at the two of them. His gaze was as though he wanted to eat them up, scaring the two of them so much that they immediately shut up.

However, at this moment, the captain wasn't in the mood to care about these two idiots. He looked at the mess here and was filled with anger. His mind quickly recalled if he had placed anything valuable here in his previous life.

A long time later, the captain heaved a sigh of relief. He pretended to be relaxed and lifted his head as he calmly spoke.

"I've long expected this. After all, it's been so many years. It's normal for something to happen. That's why I placed all the good things beside the coffin on the last level back then."

 "It's fine if the second level is lost, but there's definitely no problem with the third level where my coffin is located. In this world, other than me, no one can open it, not even the gods!"

The captain proudly walked to the center of the cave. As he performed a series of hand seals, the ground of the cave rumbled and a circular door appeared in the center of the cave.

Xu Qing believed the first part of the captain's words. As for the fact that even the gods couldn't open it, Xu Qing didn't believe it.

However, he didn't say anything. His gaze swept across the ground and he lifted his head to look at the gate at the center. He fell into deep thought and was about to speak.

However, the captain had already opened the door. A rumbling sound echoed as the captain spat out a mouthful of blood and his body rolled back. His eyes revealed malevolence and madness.

"Interesting, you even modified this restriction!"

Just as Xu Qing was about to step forward, the captain waved his hand in the air.

"I don't need you guys this time!"

Recalling his words all the way here, the captain's self-esteem had erupted fiercely. His eyes were red and a bizarre face appeared in his pupils. The face opened its eyes, and there was a face in its eyes too.

They seemed to be endless. Blue light rose from his entire body, and the chilling aura around him intensified as he approached the door. He raised his right hand and pressed down fiercely on the door.

His chest was torn apart, and a blue arm covered in bone spikes stretched out.

It wasn't just one. Seven to eight arms stretched out from his body, and an even more terrifying energy fluctuation erupted from his body.

All of Wu Jianwu's ferocious beasts trembled in unison. Ning Yan was even more shocked. Immediately after, the seven to eight blue malevolent hands pressed toward the door in unison.

The ground rumbled. The restriction here was originally set up by the captain. Although it had been modified, his approach was still different from others.

Hence, in the blink of an eye, the door shook and cracks shone inside, forming a rune.

This rune flickered a few times and finally penetrated downwards with a cracking sound. The door directly collapsed and shattered into pieces, revealing a 100-foot-long hole.































































Without any hesitation, the captain headed straight for the hole. Very soon, a wail rang out from below.

This sound was tragic. Xu Qing's expression changed and he jumped into the hole and stepped onto the third level.

Everything here made him gasp.

The degree of chaos surpassed that of the second level.

If the second level could be likened to being visited by a single thief, then this third level was as if a whole gang of thieves had ransacked the place.

The surroundings were in a mess, with many dried excrement even, creating a foul and unsettling atmosphere.

The coffin that should have been placed on the high platform in the center was no longer there and was in pieces. A small portion of it was still lying in the corner.

It was empty.

There was no corpse.

The captain was sitting on a fragment of the coffin, and looked around with an unprecedented blank expression.

Xu Qing sighed and walked to the captain's side to pat his shoulder.

"Junior Brother, my previous life's body… was stolen." The captain lifted his head and looked at Xu Qing with grief and indignation.

Wu Jianwu and Ning Yan also came down at this moment. They looked around in shock.



"Eldest Senior Brother, calm down. Are you sure your previous life is really dead?" Xu Qing asked softly.

He didn't know what it felt like to have his previous life's body stolen. After all, not everyone could have such an experience. However, he could understand the captain's current mood.

The captain's eyes instantly narrowed. He was an extremely shrewd person to begin with. Previously, he was at a loss because the stimulation from losing his previous life's body was too great. Even if Xu Qing didn't remind him, he would quickly sense something amiss. Hence, his expression turned cold.

"Are you saying that my previous life woke up and did this?"

"However, if I didn't die in my previous life, it's impossible for me to have a next life. So, this possibility doesn't exist unless…"

"Something possessed your body." Xu Qing calmly said.

"That's right. In the past, I was the one who schemed against others. This is the first time in my life that I've been schemed against by others!" The captain stood up and his body emitted terrifying fluctuations.

"The chaos in the second layer was done in a specific direction, so it's highly likely the work of one person."

"As for the third level…" Xu Qing looked at the captain.

The captain's eyes revealed madness as he slowly spoke.

"The source of this third level is the center. From the signs of some items shattering, the coffin first exploded on its own, forming an impact before the rummaging and plundering happened."

"And this unclean entity not only managed to open the underground door but also made modifications to it, even altering the second layer's door. This indicates that it knows me very well…"

"In that case, we can narrow down the scope. The likelihood of an outsider entering here is very low, but it's more likely that the unclean spirit was born here."

"Back then, I had many burial items. After so many years, perhaps one of them happened to give birth to an artifact spirit!"

The captain slowly spoke. The more he spoke, the clearer his thoughts became. Finally, a cold glint flashed in his eyes.

"But this unclean entity should never have, under any circumstances, possessed my previous life's body. My previous life's body was refined by me from birth, and it's intricately connected to this place. If I don't resolve this connection, once it leaves the boundaries of the Unending Mountain Range, it will turn to ashes."

"Therefore, if it's still alive, it must not be far from here!"

The captain's voice was cold and filled with killing intent.

Xu Qing nodded and looked at the surrounding walls. There was no need for him to speak. The captain already understood.

"We have to confirm if the other party has noticed our arrival."

The captain formed hand seals, and the area around the tomb began to shimmer with light, as the restrictions here responded to his actions. After a moment, the captain snorted coldly.

"There are no signs of energy fluctuations spreading out. Although this unclean thing has set up arrangements in this place, this is still my tomb!"

 After the captain finished speaking, he spat out a large mouthful of blood. He raised his right hand and clenched it. The blood transformed into a compass on his finger. The needle on it spun and began to guide.

"As long as it has something to do with my bloodline, I can find it with this Bloodline Compass!"

At the next instant, the needle locked onto a direction. It pointed toward Ning Yan.

Ning Yan's expression changed.































































"It's not me!" Ning Yan's heart was filled with horror as he hurriedly spoke.

"It's in the direction I'm in, right? That must be it!"

Ning Yan hurriedly moved away and arrived beside Wu Jianwu.

However, as he moved, the pointer on the compass in the captain's hand, guided by his bloodline, also moved, still pointing towards Ning Yan.

The captain's expression turned solemn. He cast a meaningful glance at Ning Yan and calmly spoke.

"Give it to me!"

Wu Jianwu's expression also changed. He looked at Ning Yan and subconsciously spoke.

"When the old tree blooms, it's your grandchildren,

and when the willows are dark, but the flowers are bright, that's your old man?"

Ning Yan's heart skipped a beat and he wasn't in the mood to care about Wu Jianwu. At this moment, his expression revealed confusion, and his heart was in turmoil.

He originally thought that the location he was in overlapped with the tomb raider. However, from the looks of it now, the target of the needle was clearly him.

When he thought of the meaning behind all of this, Ning Yan panicked and hurriedly explained while stuttering.

"Senior Brother Erniu, it really wasn't me. I… I don't know what's going on either."

A strange look appeared in Xu Qing's eyes but he didn't speak. As for the captain, he raised his brows.



"Hurry up and bring it over!"

"What's there to bring? We really don't have a blood relationship."

Ning Yan had a long face and his body was trembling.

The captain frowned with disdain.

"Of course I know it wasn't you. How could I have a descendant like you? I asked you to bring me my precious skin!"

When Ning Yan heard this, his entire body trembled. He immediately took out the captain's treasure skin from his storage bag. This item had always been with him. The instant he took it out and threw it, the captain's compass needle spun rapidly.

Seeing this scene, Ning Yan finally heaved a long sigh of relief. He was truly frightened earlier.

Wu Jianwu muttered with some regret.

"The world collapsing and frightening the birds, all for a strand of fate."

Ning Yan didn't understand but he could sense the sinister intent in it, and glared at him.

Wu Jianwu glared back. The ferocious beasts of all sizes beside him also glared at Ning Yan.

Ning Yan immediately kept quiet.

The captain didn't care about the conflict between these two idiots. He kept the treasure skin and searched for bloodline resonance again. Very soon, he locked onto a direction.

"Let's go, right there!"

"I want to see what kind of ghost possessed my previous life's body!"

As he spoke, the captain aggressively headed straight for the exit of the tomb.

Xu Qing strode forward and followed closely behind. On the way, he glanced at the shadow under his feet and the fish bone in his storage bag. His vigilance against them grew even more because of the captain's matter.

Sensing Xu Qing's divine sense, the shadow trembled. The Diamond Sect's ancestor in the fish bone also trembled and revealed a fawning expression.

Xu Qing's expression was calm. He secretly pondered that he should learn some restriction techniques to guard against the shadow and the Diamond Sect's ancestor.

He meant no harm, but he definitely couldn't make the same mistake as the captain.

Everyone left the tomb under the captain's lead. When they arrived outside, it was already early in the morning.

 The first rays of the artificial sun that spread out from afar dispersed the night, causing light to appear in the world. The greenery of the mountains became clear, their patterns distinct, teeming with vitality. Compared to this sorrowful world, this vitality felt almost surreal to Xu Qing.

Soon, as the light brightened, everything returned to normal, and the rocky terrain on the ground no longer seemed eerie and malevolent.

Under the sunlight, the captain and the group had different feelings.

The captain was anxious, Wu Jianwu was regretful, Ning Yan was still shaken, and Xu Qing remained vigilant, not believing that this trip would really be as smooth as the captain claimed.

After all, they didn't know how long it had been since the captain's previous life body had left. Even if he was really still in the Unending Mountain Range, he would have definitely made many arrangements.

'There's a high chance that the other party knows that Eldest Senior Brother can reincarnate. In other words, he can guess that Eldest Senior Brother will return one day.'

'Then his level of caution must be extremely high.'

Xu Qing fell silent and caught up to the captain who was leading the way. He then told him about what he was thinking about.

The captain nodded when he heard this. He had also considered these things but he was still confident. He patted Xu Qing's shoulder and spoke in a low voice.

"Junior Brother, no matter what arrangements that b*stard has made, there's one thing he can't resolve. As long as I touch him, I'll definitely be able to restrain him!"

"I have a habit. Every time I reincarnate, I'll refine my body at the moment I'm born. I'm always prepared to use my body as a weapon."

"Therefore, this previous life body of mine can't escape my grasp."

Xu Qing glanced at the captain and sized him up.

"Is it the same this time as well?"

"Of course, Little Qing. Back then in Fenghai County, I was already prepared to undo the seal and summon all my previous lives. I'm not bragging, but if all my previous lives were to descend, even the gods would have to call me 'Big Brother'.

The captain said proudly.

Xu Qing smiled. He had long known that the captain liked to brag. However, Xu Qing could clearly sense the concern for him in these words.

Hence, he nodded seriously.

Just like that, time flowed by and very soon, seven days passed.

During these seven days, the group followed the captain's bloodline compass and arrived in the depths of the Unending Mountain Range.

There were many mountain peaks here. The vegetation was lusher and there were many wild beasts.

Just like cultivators and mortals, the wild beasts in the Moon Worship Region also carried curses. Hence, it was inevitable that some mutations would occur and their ferocity was even greater.

At that moment, a group of tiger-headed butterflies that were about five feet long whizzed by at a low altitude, their bodies scattering a lot of dust imbued with deadly poison.































































Xu Qing raised his hand and caught some of them. After sensing them, a strange look appeared in his eyes, and he looked in the direction they were flying away with curiosity.

'There's the Red Moon Curse in the poison dust… and it's very active, as though it has just been produced.'

Xu Qing found it peculiar but decided to keep this matter to himself as he continued to follow the captain.

Gradually, when the group of them entered deeper into the mountain range, the sensing from his bloodline made the captain cautious. His body gradually blurred as he hid himself.

Wu Jianwu and Ning Yan also concealed their auras.

As for Xu Qing, he put on the mask his master had given him. His body then turned into bizarre nether state, hiding all traces.

"Little Qing, the place we'll reach by the end of the day is where the concentration of my bloodline power is the strongest, but it's all residual. The source isn't there."

"Instead of continuing to pursue, it's better to wait here for the other party to return. Also, due to some special reasons, it's impossible for the combat strength of my previous life body to recover to Nihility. It should be the Spirit Repository, the physical body's Spirit Repository."

In a valley, the captain squatted on a tree crown and whispered to the empty space beside him.

"Okay." Xu Qing's voice rang out from another direction.

The captain blinked and thought to himself that since Little Qing's concealment had reached such a level, he had to be more attentive in this aspect. However, at this moment, he wasn't in the mood to think too much about these things. He squatted there motionlessly.



Wu Jianwu and Ning Yan were the same. They didn't even dare to breathe loudly.

After all, no one knew the identity of the captain's previous life body. As for cultivation… the captain made it sound simple but even if it was just the Spirit Repository, to them, it was a colossus-like existence.

Days passed amidst their caution.

Four days later, the captain suddenly transmitted his voice.

"It's here!"

Xu Qing narrowed his eyes but didn't look at the sky. Instead, he looked in front of the captain.

There was an eye there that reflected a scene.

Wu Jianwu and Ning Yan also restrained all their auras. Their gazes that were looking at the sky quickly focused on the eye in front of the captain.

At the same time, in the mountain range that was a day's journey away, the sky changed.

A group of people came from a distance, their figures just appearing on the horizon, and the sound of music filled the air, with a hundred people playing flutes. The melody was beautiful and cheerful.

There were also handmaidens who scattered flowers in all directions as they flew in the air. The fragrance of flowers filled the air along with the music.

As the people got closer, the bright colors of their clothes were like flowers blooming in the sky.

In the midst of this myriad of flowers, there was a bridal sedan made from the skull of a giant. It was carried by 32 strong men, walking gracefully through the air.

These 32 burly men weren't humans but were from the lion race. Their golden fur made them look like heavenly troops under the sunlight, giving them a majestic aura.

This kind of ostentation might not be considered much in Fenghai County, but in the Moon Worship Region, especially in the Unending Mountain Range, it was extremely exaggerated.

As for the skull bridal sedan they were carrying, there was a man and a woman sitting there.

The woman was dressed in a red cloud-patterned dress, appearing to be in her late twenties. Her skin was as fair as snow, and her beauty was unmatched, making it difficult to look away from her.

At this moment, she leaned her delicate body against the man beside her, placing his hand on her body, her eyes filled with tenderness. In her eyes, it seemed that there was only the man in front of her in the whole world.

Beneath her slender jade-like neck, there lay a creamy bosom akin to glistening white jade, partially veiled, a slim waist that could be held with one hand, a pair of long and gracefully proportioned legs that were bare, even her exquisite feet were silently alluring, emitting an irresistible invitation.

She was a peerless beauty.

As for the man, he was tall with a rugged appearance, his skin pale as if devoid of vitality, and his mismatched eyes, one large and one small, gave the impression that something had gone awry during his creation.

Moreover, waves of black gas emitted from his mouth, giving off a turbid feeling.

The whites of his eyes were also abnormal and contained a sickly yellow color. His body was rotting in many places and there was also turbid corpse fluid flowing from some places, causing one to not want to look at him.

Compared to the woman by his side, the man's appearance was quite mismatched. However, it must be said that the sharp and menacing aura emanating from him, especially in his mismatched eyes, carried an indifference towards life. Sitting there, he exuded an aura of authority that made people not dare to underestimate him.

 They came from the horizon. When they arrived here, the man stood up and the woman followed.

The two of them looked at each other. One was cold and the other was affectionate.

In the end, they actually kissed. It was unknown how the woman could withstand the black gas from the man. The touching of their tongues was a shocking sight.

In short, this intimacy revealed the extreme love between the two of them.

After that, the man took a step into the air and headed straight for the distant mountain peak. As for the cultivators in the sky, they quickly lowered their heads and respectfully sent him off before carrying the sedan into the distance.

Until after a while, the sky here returned to normal, and on the ground, a plant with leaves had grown an eye at some point. This eye closed rapidly and melted into dewdrops.

In a valley a day's journey away from here, Xu Qing looked at everything reflected in the captain's eyes in front of him, and his expression changed.

It was still fine for Wu Jianwu and Ning Yan. They didn't recognize the two people in the scene.

"Little Qing, doesn't that female cultivator look a little familiar…" The captain looked at Xu Qing with a blank expression.

Xu Qing found it unbelievable. The woman in his memory was someone who loved beauty incomparably. Her pursuit of beauty had reached the extreme but now, she was so intimate to someone covered in corpse water.































































Xu Qing found it unbelievable, but he nodded.

"She looks exactly the same as Nether Fairy who hated you to the core after you robbed her house."

After saying that, Xu Qing added.

"Captain, do you still have her clothes?"

The captain's expression was a little strange. It was sometimes sinister and sometimes inconceivable. Xu Qing understood all of his changes.

"The man beside her…" Xu Qing hesitated.

The captain let out a long and bitter sigh.

"That person might be… my previous life body."

Even though Wu Jianwu and Ning Yan didn't know Nether Fairy, they more or less had a guess when they heard Xu Qing's words. Hence, they each took a deep breath.

"Congratulations on your wedding!" Ning Yan hesitated and spoke softly.

"In this situation, my heart is in turmoil,

I'm baffled like a bull, my mind is in a whirl,

Yesterday, you and I argued and fought,

But today, we want to grow old together, our love sought!"



Wu Jianwu was moved, and in his mind, many stories about fate emerged. He couldn't help but be inspired to make a poem.

Xu Qing remained silent and so did the captain.

"Then if they have a child, Senior Brother Erniu, what will the child call you?" Ning Yan, unwilling to miss this opportunity, asked in a low voice.

Veins bulged on the captain's forehead.

Hearing this, Wu Jianwu temporarily put down his disgust for Ning Yan. After pondering at the side, he looked at the captain meaningfully.

"My son's dad isn't his dad, but my son's mom is his mom; you ask what my child should call me, whether it's ex-father, step father, or just father!"

Just as Wu Jianwu finished speaking, the captain punched out. Amidst the rumbling, Wu Jianwu wailed and his body landed a thousand feet away.

Ning Yan was about to escape, but the captain kicked him over. After sending him to accompany Wu Jianwu, the captain's eyes were bloodshot as he looked at the sky.

Xu Qing's gaze revealed sympathy. He knew that the captain's emotions must be extremely complicated at this moment. Hence, he patted his shoulder.

A long time later, the captain let out a mournful cry.

"What the hell is going on?!"

"Why did that Nether Fairy value my previous life body!" The captain's expression was complicated and it was difficult to describe with words.

"Eldest Senior Brother, you don't have to be sad. Actually, if Nether Fairy knew the truth, she would feel even more complicated." Xu Qing knew how to comfort people and persuaded from the side.

This sentence was indeed effective. When the captain heard this, he was stunned for a moment. After that, he recovered and gritted his teeth.

"It's fine. With that glance just now, I'm already certain that my previous life body was possessed by an artifact spirit produced among my burial items back then."

"As for which burial item it is, I'm not sure yet."

"However, it doesn't stop me from snatching it back as long as I touch it!" Madness appeared in the captain's eyes as he pulled Xu Qing along to discuss.

However, it was quite difficult to do this. Firstly, the aura emitted by Nether Fairy was clearly at the perfected Spirit Repository Realm.

This was in line with the battle report Xu Qing had read about the disappearance of Nether Fairy who was heavily injured on the battlefield.

"Her escape was deliberately made possible by the Great Elder of the Yinghuang Province to restrain the Seventh Prince. I originally thought that she was secretly restrained by the Great Elder, but from the looks of it, he really let her go."

"However, the Great Elder must have made other arrangements."

 "It's a pity that this place is too far from Fenghai County. Otherwise, I could have asked him."

Xu Qing pondered and spoke.

The captain narrowed his eyes and slowly spoke.

"As for my previous life body, his body is filled with the aura of death and there are no spell fluctuations at all. This is in line with my judgment. After all, he has been dead for so long. The spirit that possessed him only occupied a shell."

"However, the physical strength of my previous life body was comparable to the perfected Spirit Repository."

The captain frowned. He was already unable to deal with his previous life body. Now, there was also Nether Fairy. This way, it was basically impossible for him to come into contact with his previous life body.

"Judging from the intimacy between Nether Fairy and Eldest Senior Brother's previous life body, your previous life body's current identity should be the number one expert of the Unending Mountain Range, Xuan Mingzi."

"I'm just a little puzzled. Why is Nether Fairy here? Why did she fall in love at first sight to such an extent?"

Xu Qing still felt that something was amiss. Hence, he looked at the captain.

"We need information about this Xuan Mingzi."

"I have information about him. Although I didn't pay attention to these small fries previously, I also gathered some along the way." As the captain spoke, he opened his storage bag and rummaged through it. Very soon, he found a jade slip that contained some information about Xuan Mingzi.

The other party had established a sect in the Unending Mountain Range called the Mystic Life[1] Sect.

This person was in closed-door cultivation in the Mystic Life Sect all year round and rarely went out. One could imagine that the place of closed-door cultivation must be heavily guarded. The risk of infiltrating was too great.

Moreover, there was only one chance. Once the other party discovered them, Xu Qing and the others' situation would be extremely dangerous.

Hence, after Xu Qing discussed with the captain, they decided that they had to use some tricks.

"Eldest Senior Brother, your previous life body and Nether Fairy's wedding…" Xu Qing fell into deep thought as a plan inexplicably appeared in his mind.

When the captain heard this, he had a bad feeling.

"Eldest Senior Brother, isn't Nether Fairy going to the Yin Yang Flower Sect's spirit pool for a month of purification? If that's the case, how about we think of a way to trap her and prevent her from getting married?"

"After that, Eldest Senior Brother, you will disguise yourself as Nether Fairy."

Just as Xu Qing said this, the captain's eyes widened. Wu Jianwu and Ning Yan had already come back. After hearing these words, they both showed expressions of excitement, especially Ning Yan, who couldn't help but grin with happiness but was also worried about getting beaten up, so he forcefully restrained himself.

[1] Xuan Ming translates to mystic life.































































Xu Qing continued.

"Eldest Senior Brother, you know your past self best, and you also have a good understanding of Nether Fairy. After all, you've been to her house. Moreover, you're quite skilled at disguising yourself as the opposite sex, and you have experience with it. Do you remember the Sea Corpse Race princess from back then? At that time, you were incredibly convincing and lifelike."

Xu Qing stared at the captain and took out an apple before handing it over.

"Therefore, I feel that if you disguise yourself as Nether Fairy and get married to your previous life body, won't you be able to come into contact with him?"

"Of course, the prerequisite is that we have a way to trap Nether Fairy and you can hide it from your previous life body."

The captain instinctively took the apple with a hesitant expression.

He felt that the plan Xu Qing mentioned was feasible. However, when he thought of marrying his previous life, the absurd feeling made him feel at a loss.

"Eldest Senior Brother, this is the only way we can think of now. However, it's too crazy. You might not be able to accept it." Xu Qing sighed and patted the captain's shoulder.

The captain gritted his teeth. His expression was sinister and his breathing was hurried. Finally, madness appeared in his eyes.

"I can do it!"



"However, I have to prepare well. Little Qing, you have to lend me your world fragment. This is the foundation to trap her."

"If we want to trap Nether Fairy, ordinary methods are useless. I need to set up a peerless array formation in your world fragment. I also need to undo a portion of my seals. Also, I'll need to use the power of my treasure skin, the might of the sun, and your Ghost Emperor Mountain's Nascent Soul as well."

"Only then can I close the world fragment and trap her inside!"

"As for hiding it from my previous life, I'll think of a way!"

The captain's eyes were red. In order to take back his body, he seemed to have decided to stake everything. Hence, he discussed with Xu Qing, such as how to set up the array and how not to attract the attention of the Yin Yang Flower Sect.

During this time, Xu Qing also raised his question. Was it possible that the other party was doing this on purpose to lure them?

After all, there were some things that couldn't be seen from the surface.

The captain nodded at these words, and there was a fleeting strangeness in his eyes as he looked at Xu Qing. However, he quickly regained his confident demeanor, patting his chest and stating that he had a way to resolve the situation.

Xu Qing glanced at the captain. Since entering the Unending Mountain Range, the captain's words and actions seemed somewhat different from what he remembered. However, this unwavering self-confidence was consistent.

Several days later, after numerous discussions, they finally settled on a plan and set out towards the southern branch of the Yin Yang Flower Sect, located in the Unending Mountain Range.

Yin Yang Flower Sect was a large sect in the Moon Worship Region. Because they attached themselves to the shrine to perform the sacrificial rituals, they had a certain amount of privileges. Hence, they had branch sects in the east, west, north, and south.

The disciples were a mixed bunch, and acquiring false identities was relatively easy.

This was also one of the reasons why the captain chose the identity of the Yin Yang Flower Sect.

As for this branch sect in the Unending Mountain Range, it was only one of the several branch sects in the southern area. Its ancestor, a Nihility expert, was on the Repentance Plain at the Red Moon Shrine's headquarters all year round.

As for the sect master of this branch sect, he was a descendant of his bloodline. He had the cultivation of the Spirit Repository and took charge of this sect.

However, because there were too many branches within the Yin Yang Flower Sect, they weren't really on good terms with each other. Even if there were occasional interactions, it was not that close, and it seemed like they were each wary of the other..

Even though the captain and Xu Qing had disciple identity tokens of the Yin Yang Flower Sect, they were still stopped in front of this sect after handing over their tokens.

This branch of the Yin Yang Flower Sect was located on a twin peak within the Unending Mountain Range. Inside, it was adorned with intricate carvings and luxurious marble, especially renowned for the spiritual lake behind the mountain. This lake was famous because it served as a convergence point for several spiritual rivers within the Unending Mountain Range.

At that moment, at the foot of the twin peak, a barrier appeared in front of Xu Qing and the captain. At the same time, three disciples guarding the gate of the sect appeared from within.

"Your tokens don't belong to my Unending South Sect. According to the sect rules, we can't let you in easily. So, go back to where you came from."

The middle-aged man in the middle of the three spoke calmly with his hands behind his back.

Regarding this, Xu Qing and the others already had thought of a way. Hence, a smile appeared on the captain's face. He took a few steps forward and placed his right hand on his storage bag, about to take out something.

However, at this moment, an energy fluctuation came from the sky and a soft cry of surprise echoed in the sky. What followed was the fluctuation of the Spirit Repository that swept in all directions.

Xu Qing's expression froze and the captain also paused.

While Wu Jianwu and Ning Yan were secretly thinking that the situation was bad, a figure descended from the sky and stopped in the air above them.

 This was a middle-aged woman dressed in Daoist robes, possessing some beauty. The moment she appeared, the three disciples guarding the mountain gate changed their expressions and immediately knelt down in reverence.

"Greetings, Sect Master."

Xu Qing and the captain also hurriedly cupped their fists with respectful expressions. However, as he paid his respects, a sense of suspicion arose in the depths of Xu Qing's heart. The arrival of the other party was somewhat coincidental.

The middle-aged woman didn't even glance at Xu Qing and the captain. The instant she appeared, a smile appeared on her face as she looked at Wu Jianwu and spoke softly.

"Young Master, this is the second time we've met. I still remember your poem from last time."































































A gentle voice emanated from the sky, accompanied by a soft melody echoing all around.

"Clouds in the sky reach the mountains, the stone in my heart is higher than the earth!"

Xu Qing was puzzled, the captain was surprised, and as he looked up at the woman in the sky, Wu Jianwu raised his eyebrows and spoke casually.

"Green mountains don't smell the vastness of black paint; the moonlight falls, who knows when?"

"I was impolite; you can call me Yunxia." The middle-aged woman clearly understood Wu Jianwu's poem and replied softly.

This time, it was Wu Jianwu's turn to be stunned.

A gentle breeze blew, causing the green grass on the mountains to sway. The clouds in the sky also seemed to move faster in the wind, rustling the hair of everyone, including stirring Wu Jianwu's heartstrings.

He hadn't expected that there would be someone in this world who could understand his poetry, someone who could appreciate his talents. The sudden appearance of this person took him by surprise.

One had to know that ever since he started imitating the Ancient Sovereign Mystic Nether, everyone he had encountered had misunderstood him, including his own master.

But he had always held firm to his own beliefs, keeping the legacy of the ancient sovereign in his heart. After all these years, he had grown accustomed to the world's mediocrity and being unrecognized.

Until now…

A sharp glint appeared in Wu Jianwu's eyes. He lifted his head and placed his hands behind his back. The wind blew his hair, causing his clothes to flutter.



However, he didn't care about all of this. He looked at the middle-aged woman in the air and spoke in a low voice.

"The mountains and seas of the Nine Provinces are so vast; are they all but a misty bridge on the path of Dao?"

The woman's expression changed as she landed in front of Wu Jianwu.

The sunlight bathed her, giving her simple Daoist robe a colorful appearance, and her somewhat attractive face seemed even more celestial in the light.

She nodded lightly.

"Young Master's guess is correct. I'm the sect master of the southern sect of the Yin Yang Flower Sect."

A strange glint appeared in Wu Jianwu's eyes as he spoke again.

"Yesterday the starry wind arrived in the early morning; unaware of whether the heavenly river fell on dogs and cats?"

The woman smiled.

"I understand." As she spoke, she turned her head and waved her hand. Immediately, a gap spread out in the sect's barrier and it rapidly spread to both sides. There were also three chimes echoing from the top of the mountain.

This kind of etiquette wasn't small.

Xu Qing and the captain were completely stunned. Ning Yan was also dumbfounded and felt lost.

He looked at Wu Jianwu, then at the sect master, and he felt that one of these two individuals must have a serious mental problem.

Ning Yan wasn't the only one who thought so. The three disciples guarding the sect gate were also puzzled. They didn't understand a word of Wu Jianwu's poem but their sect master seemed to have really understood it.

This couldn't help but remind them of the rumors about their sect master. It was said that the sect master worshiped the Ancient Sovereign Mystic Nether the most, and liked talented people. She even recited some poems occasionally.

However, no matter what, the three of them were extremely respectful now. They quickly made way and secretly paid attention to Wu Jianwu.

"Young Master, please!"

The middle-aged woman said softly. She didn't look down on Wu Jianwu at all because of the gap between her and him. In fact, in her eyes, there were too many people with high cultivation levels but very few people in this world had such talent.

Hence, in her eyes, Xu Qing and the captain were just foils.

Wu Jianwu was in high spirits. He held his head high and puffed out his chest as he walked forward. Along the way, Yunxia accompanied him and she spoke politely to him.

The two of them walked in front. After Xu Qing and the captain exchanged glances, they quietly followed behind. Just as Ning Yan was about to follow, Wu Jianwu stopped in his tracks and calmly spoke.

"Half a piece, a piece, two or three pieces, even a short dog has to bow down!"

When Yunxia heard this, she turned to look at Ning Yan.

 Ning Yan shuddered. Before he could speak, a barrier instantly formed in front of him, preventing him from entering the sect.

'What? You can even understand this. Impossible!' Ning Yan was dumbfounded. He knew that Wu Jianwu was petty. Although he was angry, he didn't dare to express it. He could only watch helplessly as Xu Qing and the other two left.

Just like that, they entered the Yin Yang Flower Sect. On the way, they saw a large number of tiger-headed butterflies dancing in the air. There were many more of them here than in the wilderness.

From afar, it looked like a colorful fog that lingered between the two mountain peaks.

Xu Qing felt it was a little peculiar. He had seen such butterflies several times on the way but there were too many here. As his gaze landed, his vision suddenly turned a little blurry as overlapping shadows appeared in his surroundings.

Xu Qing stopped in his tracks. However, at the next instant, everything returned to normal.

The captain turned his head and glanced at Xu Qing, his gaze filled with inquiry.

Xu Qing shook his head. He looked normal but intense vigilance rose in his heart. He knew that his body was fine. In that case, the trance and blurriness from before were a little strange.

However, now wasn't the time to say anything. Xu Qing lowered his head and continued to follow. After about fifteen minutes, they were led to the guest quarters of the sect and settled in.

The sect master watched as Wu Jianwu and the other two entered the guest quarters before turning around and leaving.

As she walked in the sect, a large number of butterflies flew over and surrounded her. Two figures also appeared in the void beside her, accompanying her on both sides.

One of the figures spoke in a low voice.

"Sect Master, these people suddenly appeared in Welcome Bull City ten days ago. They didn't come before but went to a spirit pool establishment first. Everything looked normal."

"After that, they left and headed for the Unending Mountain Range, disappearing without a trace."

"The purpose of coming to our sect is unknown."

"As for their identity as disciples, it's true. They came from the Western Sect."































































Another figure also spoke in a low voice.

"As for that talented young master, he doesn't have a high status among them, but I haven't seen any signs of him being abducted. It seems he is traveling with them voluntarily."

"Moreover, these people all have a curse on them. The possibility of them being from another region isn't high, especially one of them who has a deep curse within, to the point where it could erupt at any moment."

Hearing the words of the person beside her, Yunxia nodded.

"Pay attention to them. If they are indeed only here to stay and don't have any ill intentions toward our sect, then you don't have to care."

"If…" The figure at the side hesitated.

"If they really have malicious intentions…" Yunxia stopped in her tracks and calmly spoke.

"Kill them and feed them to the dancing butterflies. As for that young master, give him a generous burial."

"We respect the decree!" The two of them lowered their heads and agreed. Their figures then blurred and disappeared.

Just like that, seven days passed slowly.

Xu Qing and the group lived here quietly, without any unusual behavior. They were well-behaved, occasionally going out but not probing into secrets.

They also knew that their sudden arrival would definitely attract attention, although the sudden situation with Wu Jianwu had eased everything.

However, they weren't disciples of this sect after all, so they could only stay below the halfway point of the first mountain peak.



The three of them couldn't enter other places casually. Even if the sect master admired Wu Jianwu, she wouldn't break the rules because of this.

However, being able to stay here was already the first step of Xu Qing and the captain's plan.

This was because the spirit pool at the back of the mountain was open to all disciples. As long as they paid a certain amount of spirit stones, they could enter.

Xu Qing and the captain went there twice and silently sat down in the spirit pool. They each cultivated and suppressed the curse in their bodies as much as possible.

This curse was the excuse they had thought of on the way here.

If they wanted to lie, they had to place the real thing inside them. Only then could they hide the truth and create confusion.

Although the spirit pool didn't have the ability to directly affect the curse, it could nourish the body. Hence, it could indirectly have a little effect.

There were actually many such places in the Moon Worship Region. This was one of the reasons why the Heavenly Bull Alliance was formed..

During this time, Xu Qing experienced a sense of dizziness and confusion again, each time when a large number of tiger-headed butterflies appeared. He also learned the name of these butterflies.

They were called dancing butterflies. They were the strange life forms that the Yin Yang Flower Sect needed for the ritual performance.

About his own moments of confusion, Xujing secretly informed the captain, who took it seriously and analyzed it with him for a long time, but they didn't find any definitive answers.

Xu Qing vaguely felt that something was wrong, so he didn't say anything. However, he already attached great importance to this matter in his heart.

During these seven days, Xu Qing and the captain also sensed the variables in their plan.

That was that this sect master named Yunxia actually often stayed in the spirit pool.

With her around, even though Xu Qing and the captain had set up a very ingenious trap against Nether Fairy according to the plan, and wouldn't emit any noticeable disturbances, they were still under her watchful eyes.

This way, it would be impossible for them not to be discovered.

It was less than a month before the day Nether Fairy came for the purification.

This made the captain anxious. Although he and Xu Qing had a backup plan, in the current situation, it was obvious that the effect would be better if Wu Jianwu put in some effort.

Hence, on the eighth day, the captain found Wu Jianwu and put an arm around his shoulder as he spoke in a low voice.

"Big Jianjian, this can't go on."

Wu Jianwu glanced at the captain from the corner of his eyes but didn't speak. He had been very comfortable these few days and had a large number of poems in his mind.

The captain coughed and instigated.

 "Big Jianjian, go seduce that sect master and lure her away from the spirit pool…"

Wu Jianwu sneered. After coming to this sect, his status was no longer the same among the three of them. At this moment, he proudly waved his hand and took out his son, the parrot, and placed it on his head.

He didn't speak. The parrot lifted its chin and spoke on behalf of its father.

"What a childish method, it's too obvious. Sect Master Yunxia is not a fool. Once my dad tries to seduce her, she will definitely have some suspicions in her heart."

"At that time, she only needs to sense the spirit pool and she'll capture you!"

"You guys have a death wish. That's your business. My father and we won't participate!"

The bird held its head high, its beak resembling a stick, and it observed people through the nostrils beneath its feathers.

The captain had a surprised expression.

"I didn't say that after your father lured Yunxia away, we would make arrangements in the spirit pool."

"We'll do the opposite. When your father goes to seduce her, Yunxia will be suspicious and investigate, but she will find that everything is normal."

"When this is repeated dozens of times, she will naturally not be so suspicious."

"Don't you agree?"

The parrot was stunned, and Wu Jianwu's expression turned a little more serious.

"I'll need some time to make the arrangements in the world fragment. As for placing it in the spirit pool and forming a concealment array formation, I only need six hours."

The parrot lowered its head and secretly glanced at its father. Wu Jianwu looked somewhat hesitant. However, the captain understood Wu Jianwu too well. He went forward and persuaded him. As Wu Jianwu gradually wavered, the captain dealt the final blow.

"At worst, I will abandon my previous life body. I have other backup methods, namely the five ancient books of the Ancient Sovereign Mystic Nether. Well, you won't be able to get your hands on them."

"They describe many things about the ancient sovereign, including his early aspirations. Moreover, they were left behind in the form of poetry…"































































"I still remember a stanza of a poem inside. Let me recite it for you."

"The heavens bow down, the sun and moon shine brightly, purifying the imperial land, harmonizing the eight domains!"

The captain spoke softly. As soon as he said this, an indescribable aura rose.

Wu Jianwu shuddered and his gaze was filled with fascination. Finally, he grabbed the parrot on his head and put it away. He then took a deep breath and nodded heavily.

"Let's do it!"

His gaze was firm, and his voice was filled with resolve.

Seeing this, the captain revealed a look of admiration. He looked like he admired Wu Jianwu's state very much and went forward to discuss the plan with him.

Xu Qing watched all of this from the side and sighed inwardly. He walked to the door of the house and kept night watch while looking at the sky.

The originally pitch-black world was dotted with fireflies.

They were tiger-headed butterflies. They were a type of butterfly unique to the Yin Yang Flower Sect. Not only did they spread curse and poison, but they could also emit light at night.

"The disciples of this sect have the method to detoxify, so they don't need to worry about the poison from these dancing butterflies."

"However, what exactly was the reason for my previous two trances?"

Xu Qing sensed D132's god's finger in his body and saw that it was sleeping peacefully…

"Could it be some follow-up hidden danger formed by the tribulation during the chaos of the world?"

Xu Qing frowned and analyzed inwardly.



Very soon, the night passed.

Under the guidance of the captain's strategic planning, as the morning sun arrived from the distant horizon, Wu Jianwu's gaze was profound, his expression indifferent. He walked out of the building with his hands behind his back.

He wanted to complete the mission arranged by the captain to seduce Yunxia!

This task was challenging, but with the rewards of completing it closely tied to his dreams, it had become a sacred mission in his heart. As he walked out of the doorway and the sunlight bathed Wu Jianwu, he couldn't help but turn and look at the captain and Xu Qing.

The captain raised his arm and cheered.

"You can definitely do it!"

Wu Jianwu lifted his chin and nodded indifferently. He then headed straight for the distance.

The captain watched on. When Wu Jianwu's figure disappeared from sight, he immediately took out an eye and squatted in a corner, waving at Xu Qing.

Xu Qing wasn't surprised. He didn't believe that with the captain's curiosity, he wouldn't peep. He might even be recording the scenes.

"Haha, Big Jianjian is quite something!" The captain chuckled and, looking at Wu Jianwu, casually took out a recording jade slip.

Xu Qing didn't speak. His gaze landed on the eye, and Wu Jianwu's figure was reflected in it.

Wu Jianwu walked in the Yin Yang Flower Sect. On the way, he felt uneasy and kept cheering himself on. When he arrived beside a pavilion, he took a deep breath and took out a jade slip to transmit his voice to Yunxia.

"Birds vanish from the sky without a trace; if fate allows it, a moment of celestial grace!"

Back then, when the other party escorted them here, they had exchanged jade slips before she left. After transmitting his voice, Wu Jianwu stood with his hands behind his back, looking up at the sky.

The wind blew, lifting his hair like strings swaying in the breeze, and behind him, a gentle voice with a hint of laughter spoke softly.

"Young Master called me?"

Wu Jianwu didn't turn around and spoke proudly.

"In the sky, clouds shine, and water flows; on the earth, colorful rosy hues, a poetic show."

Yunxia Zi's eyes gleamed as she walked to Wu Jianwu's side. She looked at the side of Wu Jianwu's face and suddenly recited.

"The ancient moon's spirit mirrors the morning spring; in this lifetime, no trace remains in the heart's cleansing."

 Wu Jianwu shuddered as he turned his head to look at Yunxia beside him with a strange glint in his eyes.

He originally thought the other party just understood him, and the invitation to recite poetry was just something she said in passing. However, he didn't expect that Yunxia could actually recite poetry.

So his interest deepened, and he spoke in a low, resonant voice.

"The black wind may not howl, but who will sing? The green waters continue to ripple as before!"

The sunlight shone on Yunxia's face, and a faint rosy glow appeared. She looked toward the horizon and uttered softly.

"The green mountains remain ageless, indifferent to the changing skies; life is but a dream, who can ascend to the heights?"

Wu Jianwu fell silent for a while, but he didn't give up as he recited.

"The green plums have ripened, casting a purple glow; who will come to brew wine and ask about the way home?"

Yunxia wanted to say something but hesitated. As her thoughts fluctuated, her voice echoed softly.

"Meeting with a smile, we follow the wind; we still continue to discuss Zen."

Wu Jianwu was a little depressed, but he forced himself to cheer up and smiled.

Yunxia also smiled. The two of them walked down the pavilion and walked into the distance.

The wind accompanied them, and the light illuminated their path. Butterflies danced around them, creating a hazy atmosphere filled with an indescribable beauty.

However, for some reason, there was a hint of sadness in this beautified scene.

"What were they talking about?" The captain, adept at killing the mood, looked at Xu Qing with a puzzled expression and added.

"Why do I feel like they're using a secret code?"

Xu Qing was also confused. So far, the only person who could understand Wu Jianwu's poems was Yunxia.

The two of them looked at each other before continuing to observe Wu Jianwu.

The day had passed, and in the evening, Wu Jianwu came back. His expression was bitter, carrying a hint of complexity. He didn't say a word upon his return, silently sitting in a chair lost in thought.

Seeing this, the captain went over to comfort him and tried to ask him a question. However, Wu Jianwu shook his head and finally sighed.

"In this life, there are no centennial flowers; stars apart on the other side, concealed by a veil."

The captain frowned and looked at Xu Qing.

Xu Qing's gaze was cold as he calmly spoke.

"Speak properly!"

Wu Jianwu had a long face as he took out the parrot and placed it on his head. The parrot sighed and spoke in a low voice.































































"My father was rejected."

"It's okay, women are all like that, they always act a bit reserved at first to make you work for it. Big Jianjian, I'll teach you a few tricks, they'll definitely work!" The captain, upon hearing this, immediately hugged Wu Jianwu's neck and continued to discuss.

Just like that, when morning arrived again, Wu Jianwu reinvigorated himself and walked out again, continuing to invite Yunxia.

Time slowly passed. Very soon, 20 days passed. It was less than seven days before Nether Fairy arrived.

During these few days, although Xu Qing and the captain occasionally went to the spirit pool, they didn't do anything. As for Wu Jianwu, there was also some progress.

He went to ask Yunxia out almost every day. Sometimes, the two of them would go on an outing together, sometimes they would recite poems together. There were even a few times when they would chat and praise the talents of the ancient sovereign together. Unknowingly, they had become close to each other.

News of Xu Qing and the captain's actions also continued to reach Yunxia's ears every day. Everything was normal, so the doubts in Yunxia's heart about the two of them gradually faded.

Three days later, when there were still three days before Nether Fairy arrived, Xu Qing and the captain decided to take action. They arrived at the spirit pool as usual and soaked in it before sitting cross-legged and meditating.

However, one of the captain's toes separated from his main body in the spirit pool and transformed into a small insect that slowly squirmed underwater.

After silently crawling one round around the entire spirit pool, it turned into mud in the center and stuck tightly to the bottom of the spirit pool.

Xu Qing closed his eyes and absorbed the nourishing power in the spirit pool, not revealing any flaws. However, just as the captain was about to finish his work, a group of dancing butterflies flew over from the sky.



When they floated past in the air, a wave of emotion washed over Xu Qing. As he opened his eyes and looked, that familiar sense of dizziness and haziness returned.

The entire world seemed to converge intensely in that moment. Whether it was the mountain stones, the spiritual pools, or all the people here, they all appeared as overlapping images. The only exception was the captain's position, which remained clear!

In fact, waves of intense pain followed the dizziness. It was as though the entire world was spinning with him as the center.

This feeling compelled Xu Qing to instinctively close his eyes in an attempt to alleviate it. Despite his efforts, the sense of fatigue and nausea continued, and he was unaware of when his forehead had started sweating profusely.

Even soaking in this warm pool water couldn't stop the cold that spread out from within. All the sounds in his ears seemed to have become weaker.

This time, the episode lasted longer than before, and Xu Qing only recovered after more than ten breaths.

The moment he opened his eyes again, Xu Qing's breathing was hurried and his face was pale. He instinctively pressed down on the poolside rocks beside him. When he looked at the captain, the latter's expression was filled with concern as he supported Xu Qing's unsteady body.

"What's wrong?"

"Eldest Senior Brother, are you hiding something from me?" Xu Qing looked at the captain and asked in a low voice.

The captain remained silent and didn't answer the question. Instead, he smiled and sincerity appeared in his eyes as he spoke gently.

"Little Qing, just trust me."

Xu Qing fell silent. After a long time, he nodded and didn't ask further.

They quickly got up and left, returning to their house.

There were no noticeable changes throughout, which made Xu Qing instinctively feel that everything was going too smoothly, as if everything was proceeding as they had planned.

Wu Jianwu had successfully established an intimate relationship with Yunxia, so the other party didn't notice their actions.

The arrangements in the plan were also successfully completed, and they were only waiting for Nether Fairy to arrive.

However, Xu Qing didn't voice this doubt. In silence, he left the Yin Yang Flower Sect with the captain and Wu Jianwu the next day.

Wu Jianwu was clearly a little reluctant. However, for the sake of their great cause, he still gritted his teeth and left without looking back.

Three days after they left, Nether Fairy appeared.

In the distance, a group of people approached, with maids scattering flowers and music playing. Among them was the figure of Nether Fairy, who was moving gracefully.

However, no one noticed that the moment she arrived, a pair of aged eyes inside the twin peaks slowly opened and looked over meaningfully.

"Interesting."

* * *































































The music played melodiously, carrying a joyful melody. As Nether Fairy approached, her beauty was beyond comparison, and the air seemed to be filled with the fragrance of flowers for all those who saw her.

The bell rang three times in the Yin Yang Flower Sect.

This was a form of etiquette for esteemed guests and also respect for Xuan Mingzi.

Yunxia personally walked out to welcome Nether Fairy.

"Welcome, Fellow Daoist Xianghan."

"Greetings, Sect Master Yunxia." Nether Fairy said with a graceful smile. A subtle birthmark on her neck added to her unforgettable charm.

"The spirit pool has been set up. Please."

With a serene expression, Sect Master Yunxia waved her hand, and the gates of the Yin Yang Flower Sect opened. Guided by her, the two women took graceful steps, heading towards the spirit pool.

Very soon, they arrived at the back mountain. There were no other people present, and for the next month, no outsiders would be allowed here. It was in this place that Nether Fairy would cleanse her body in preparation for the grand wedding that would take place in a month.

Only some of her maidservants could follow her in.

After all, under normal circumstances, it was impossible for anything to happen here. Moreover, her cultivation wasn't weak and she had Xuan Mingzi behind her.



So everything seemed reasonable.

At that moment, when she arrived beside the spirit pool, Nether Fairy looked at the hazy pool water and sensed the spirit qi emitted in the surroundings. Her eyes revealed satisfaction. She knew that in the next month, the spirit pools of the entire Unending Mountain Range would gather here.

This was specially prepared for her by Xuan Mingzi. It represented his love for her.

Thinking of Xuan Mingzi's actions, Nether Fairy's heart stirred. The corners of her mouth curled up unconsciously and she couldn't help but look in the direction of the Mystic Life Sect.

"Sir Xuan is really good to me."

Nether Fairy mumbled to herself, her eyes revealing her longing for the future. After Yunxia bade farewell and left, she crouched down, showcasing her voluptuous curves, and gently stirred the warm pool water.

Then, she took a step and entered the pool.

The pool water quickly soaked her clothes and touched her skin, outlining beautiful curves that was enough to make the hearts of all the opposite sex race. She walked to the center of the pool and sat down.

The music continued to play, with dozens of maids sitting around, some spreading flowers, some playing instruments, and others using spells to create ripples in the pool, as if they turned into countless little hands cleansing the body of Nether Fairy.

That comfortable feeling caused Nether Fairy to close her eyes with a satisfied expression.

However, she didn't notice that at the bottom of the pool, not far from her delicate body, there was a piece of mud. At this moment, a crack appeared on it, revealing an eye.

In addition, an array formation was silently activated at the bottom of the pool.

As for the energy fluctuations, it was unknown how the captain did it but they were completely hidden.

At the same time, in a valley outside the Yin Yang Flower Sect, the captain and Xu Qing put on their masks.

"Big Jianjian, go and look for Ning Yan. I don't know where that kid went. We can't let him be alone. We're good friends and we have to be together, just like how he looked for you back then."

"Junior Brother, handle the others in the spirit pool. You don't have to kill them. Just make them lose consciousness."

"As for Nether Fairy, I'll pull her into the world fragment. You don't have to worry about me. The one who comes out won't be her." The captain's tone was solemn. Although their plan had progressed smoothly until now, this was the most critical moment.

Whether it could succeed depended on whether the captain could suppress Nether Fairy.

If he couldn't do it, they would have to think of a way to escape this place.

Wu Jianwu felt the tension building within him. Hearing the captain's instructions, he nodded vigorously. In his mind, he considered that if these two individuals really failed in their task, and he didn't manage to escape, he needed to prepare a convincing story to distance himself from their actions.

At the thought of this, Wu Jianwu hurriedly left. He used the various abilities of his children to search for Ning Yan.

From the start to the end, Xu Qing didn't say anything. He simply gazed into the captain's eyes, a profound sense of unease pressing deep within him regarding the peculiar circumstances of this task.

"Junior Brother, believe me!" The captain's gaze was deep as he looked at Xu Qing. After laughing, he took out an eye. His expression became solemn, as though he was probing.

A long time later, the captain raised his brows as though he had seen some scenes, which surprised him.

 In fact, his eyes seemed to light up for a moment.

While Xu Qing was surprised, the captain coughed and suddenly crushed the eye in his hand. At the next instant, a vortex formed in front of him and the captain's figure instantly fused into it.

Xu Qing didn't stop. Although he had many doubts, he trusted the captain. With a sway, he also stepped into the vortex.

As they entered, the vortex disappeared.

At the next moment, the two of them appeared in the spirit pool!

Almost at the instant they revealed themselves, the array formation set up by the captain in the spirit pool instantly erupted, forming a concealment power that enveloped the surroundings. As for the mud at the bottom of the pool, it suddenly transformed into a vortex and emitted a terrifying suction force.

Xu Qing and the captain rushed out separately.

Xu Qing's target was the maidservants in the surroundings, and the captain's target was Nether Fairy.

The water surface broke open and water splashed in all directions. The expressions of the surrounding maidservants changed drastically. As for Nether Fairy, her expression changed drastically when she saw this sudden scene.

Even though the captain was wearing a mask, she still recognized him at a glance.

"It's you!"

Without a second word, the captain's entire body started shining with blue light, and numerous eyes sprouted all over his body. Each eye displayed a face, and within each pair of eyes on those faces, more faces emerged.































































With his entire appearance appearing incredibly bizarre, he resembled a gigantic bat as he headed straight for the drenched Nether Fairy.

In that split second, Xu Qing moved like a ghost towards a nearby maid. The splashes suspended in the air also distorted, turning into water spheres and flying towards the other maids.

Everything happened very quickly. In the blink of an eye, Xu Qing appeared in front of the maid. Her expression changed, and she tried to step back, but it was too late. With a swift motion of his right hand, Xu Qing struck her, causing the maid to cough up blood and collapse, unconscious on the ground.

Xu Qing didn't kill anyone. The shadow under his feet spread out, forming a black curtain. At the same time, his speed became even faster.

Most of these maidservants' cultivation levels were at the Golden Core realm and they only had two Nascent Soul cultivators. The difference between them and Xu Qing was very great. Hence, Xu Qing's attack only lasted for a few breaths.

Not a single one of the dozens of maidservants could escape. All of them fainted and lay strewn around the pool. After doing all this, Xu Qing turned his head and looked in the captain's direction.

He saw that the captain's body collapsed under Nether Fairy's cold snort and wave of her hand, shattering into pieces.

However, at the next instant, the captain's shattered body actually transformed into countless blue bugs that headed straight for Nether Fairy from all directions.

There were no less than tens of thousands of these small bugs. Although Nether Fairy still destroyed them all with a raise of her hand, they split apart again.

In the blink of an eye, the number of small bugs increased from tens of thousands to hundreds of thousands. Finally, they covered the spirit pool densely, forming a vortex that enveloped the surroundings of Nether Fairy and even connected to the vortex under the pool.

In an instant, the vortex disappeared along with Nether Fairy.



Only the ripples in the pool continued to fluctuate as the water fell. After more than ten breaths, the pool slowly calmed down.

Xu Qing saw everything and the strange feeling in his heart grew even stronger. He quickly checked his surroundings and confirmed that all the energy fluctuations here had been hidden and didn't spread out at all.

"It went too smoothly…"

"Nether Fairy was once a Nihility Almighty. Even if she has fallen to the perfected Spirit Repository now, it's impossible for it to go so smoothly!"

Xu Qing fell silent. However, a thought quickly surfaced in his mind.

"However, the captain has too many secrets. It's not impossible for him to accomplish this with his full strength and such long preparations. Perhaps this is the reason why he was confident."

Xu Qing thought about it and felt that it made sense. Hence, as he reinforced the concealment in the surroundings, he paid attention to the changes in the pool. At the same time, he sensed the world fragment he had lent to the captain.

Due to a large number of arrangements, Xu Qing couldn't see the details of what was happening inside. However, he could still sense the terrifying energy fluctuations coming from it.

Just like that, time flowed by and ten hours passed.

Xu Qing waited silently. Although it was easier for problems to occur as time passed, Xu Qing felt that although the captain was crazy, he shouldn't fail so easily.

Finally, after another two hours, the pool suddenly rippled.

Xu Qing took a few steps back and hid himself. He was prepared to escape at any time and looked over with a solemn expression.

The surface of the water churned and ripples continued to form as a head appeared from under the water.

It was the head of a woman. She was extremely charming and her skin was fairer than snow. It was none other than Nether Fairy.

After she surfaced from the pool, she looked at Xu Qing and slowly stood up, revealing the beautiful curves formed by her clothes sticking to her skin. She was even holding half a head in her hand.

That head… was actually the captain.

The energy emitting from her body was clearly at the perfected Spirit Repository Realm. At that moment, the gaze she used to look at Xu Qing carried a hint of coldness. She threw half of the head in her hand at Xu Qing's feet.

"Your senior brother is useless."

The captain's head rolled down. He wasn't dead yet. At this moment, his eyes were filled with bitterness as he weakly spoke.

"Junior Brother, run quickly… it was a trap…"

Xu Qing was expressionless.

"Eldest Senior Brother, stop fooling around."

"I am really not messing around… Run quickly. It's true this time. Xuan Mingzi is coming soon. This is his plan to target me!" Half of the captain's head said anxiously.

Xu Qing glanced at Nether Fairy who was walking toward him and sighed.

 "Do you want to shave your legs first? The little princess of the Sea Corpse Race was the same last time. This flaw… is very obvious."

Nether Fairy stopped in her tracks. Her beautiful face lowered her head and looked at her thigh under her clothes. There were densely-packed hairs there, as though she was wearing a pair of woolen pants.

Even with the clothes covering it, it was still very obvious.

Nether Fairy coughed dryly and cast a resentful glance at Xu Qing. This gaze caused Xu Qing to take a few steps back. Ling'er also crawled out of his collar and looked at Nether Fairy in disbelief as she took a deep breath.

"Haha, I'm just joking." The captain's voice rang out from the mouth of Nether Fairy. As for the half of the head under Xu Qing's feet, it melted into a few small blue bugs that quickly entered the pool and returned to the captain's body.

"How's Nether Fairy?" Xu Qing calmly asked.

"She's fine. After I told her everything, the complexity in her heart was indescribable. After that, we had a friendly exchange and communication."

The captain sat at the side and spoke proudly as he shaved.

This appearance was incomparably strange.

"Just like that, she and I successfully resolved the misunderstanding of the past. She was also grateful that I told her the truth, so she willingly cooperated and chose to seal herself."

"You see, I'm a reasonable person."

After the captain finished shaving one of his legs, he changed to another one and continued. As for the hair, they turned into ashes and dissipated.































































Xu Qing glanced at him but didn't speak. He then sat cross-legged at the side.

Seeing that Xu Qing was ignoring him, the captain smiled and took out an apple to take a bite. He even threw one to Xu Qing.

After Xu Qing took it, he looked at the apple in his hand and then at the captain meaningfully.

The captain smiled.

Xu Qing closed his eyes and concealed himself.

Time passed day by day and everything was as usual. After those maids woke up, although they were puzzled, they didn't dare to ask when they saw that their master didn't have any abnormalities.

The captain's attire didn't reveal any flaws. It was as though he had really asked a lot of things from Nether Fairy and acted like her perfectly.

In the end, even Xu Qing could not see any flaws.

On the day when the cleansing of Nether Fairy concluded, the sky was adorned with a myriad of auspicious signs and brilliant lights. A grand procession, heralding the arrival of the bridal escort, approached from the horizon.

It was still the bridal sedan that looked like a huge skull, carried by 32 lion race cultivators wearing red robes. They were surrounded by numerous attendants playing joyful music.

The procession, consisting of hundreds of people, arrived outside the Yin-Yang Flower Sect. They were here to escort Nether Fairy to the Mystic Life Sect, as today was the day of the grand wedding.



Yunxia, who had been absent for a long time, appeared today. She stood outside the spirit pool, watching Nether Fairy as she walked out, a smile on her face.

Having undergone a month-long cleansing, Nether Fairy clearly had better complexion, especially now that she had changed into new attire, making her appear even more enchanting.

She wore a long crimson dress, a phoenix coronet on her head, and just the right amount of rouge on her face. This made her exude a captivating allure, drawing countless gazes.

Outside the Spirit Pool, she bid farewell to Yunxiazi, and then, surrounded by the attending maids and guards living around, she left the Yin Yang Flower Sect and boarded the skull bridal sedan.

After a uniform deep shout, the 32 burly men lifted the bridal sedan and strode forward in the air, heading straight for the horizon.

The music continued in the surroundings and flowers continued to be scattered. Wherever they passed, all the cultivators in the Unending Mountain Range would cast sidelong glances.

Today, all the sects in the Unending Mountain Range were invited to the Mystic Life Sect to participate in the wedding ceremony.

However, regardless of whether it was the departing bridal escort team or the group of disciples in the Yin Yang Flower Sect, no one discovered that at this moment, a meaningful laugh echoed leisurely in the twin peaks.

The source of the laughter was a massive cave inside the twin peaks.

The cave was quite extensive, as if it had hollowed out the entire mountain from top to bottom. At the top of the cave, there was an old man with disheveled hair, dressed in a colorful robe, meditating cross-legged.

The old man had a withered body that resembled skeletal remains, but he didn't exude an aura of death. Instead, he seemed full of vitality, with a subtle ripple of Nihility energy swirling around him, making it difficult to discern exactly.

Below him was a scene that was enough to shock everyone who saw it.

It was a huge projection of a terrain. Outsiders might find it difficult to recognize it at first glance, but the people who lived here could instantly recognize that this projection was of the Unending Mountain Range.

Other than its size, everything else was exactly the same.

Every blade of grass, tree, mountain, and stone on it, including the birds in the sky, the city at the foot of the mountain, and the sect buildings, were all in line with the outside world.

The projections of all things that existed in the Unending Mountain Range appeared here.

It also included all the living beings!

Be it mortals or cultivators, it was all the same.

Moreover, it was moving as though this place was a real-time miniature of the entire Unending Mountain Range.

Even Xu Qing's group along with the bridal escort team that had left the Yin Yang Flower Sect were projected here.

What was even more astonishing was that each projection of living beings was connected to a thread, as if representing their fates, floating within the cave.

The countless threads appeared incredibly eerie, and the most peculiar aspect was the seated old man in the multicolored robe at the summit. He was continuously waving his hands.

Under his control, the threads from all living beings in the Unending Mountain Range came into contact with each other as they swayed.

Unfated connections that shouldn't have happened were formed, unexpected emotions arose, and inexplicable relationships were created.

 The fates of all living beings were altered, and life trajectories were influenced. Everything had to follow the old man's intentions, as if the Unending Mountain Range had become a stage for a play.

The old man was the creator of this show. Every existence in the show was a character he had created.

Although they retained their original memories and personalities, they had to follow his script to live out the rest of their lives. In doing so, countless sparks of life were born, releasing brilliant light like fireworks, ultimately forming one dancing butterfly after another, all flying in different directions.

Some danced in the mountain caves, while others shuttled through the mountain rocks and flew toward the outside world.

Those dancing butterflies emitted a strange power. Wherever they passed, ethereal dust would envelop everything.

Occasionally, some outsiders would appear in this area. However, when they walked into the range of the Unending Mountain Range, their projection would appear here. Threads would appear above their heads and they would become a character in the old man's play.

Their fates would also be given a new mission at that moment.

Occasionally, the old man would stand up from his cross-legged position and move around in a strange posture in the cave.

His limbs waved and the threads of all living beings swayed intensely. His expressions changed and the fates of all things instantly intertwined. Scenes of love and hate stories also appeared.































































He was the creator of this show, but he was also a character in the play, integrating himself into it and using his life to perform a dance.

All of this, while eerie, also gives a sense of extreme devotion.

This was because this was the Yin Yang Flower Sect's sacrificial dance!

The sacrificial dance wasn't a dance for the people of the shrine but a dance for the god to please them.

It existed in many regions with gods, and its origin was due to the tendency of the gods to prefer deep slumber, like the Crimson Goddess.

However, in the past, the Crimson Goddess could wake up at any time from her slumber. In her current state, however, it was very difficult for her to wake up soon.

No matter what, when a god was in a deep slumber, they released the power of dreams, and their dreams were the source of the dance's ability. They would make use of the god's dream to envelop an area.

In this area, everything was influenced, whether it was fate or life, all living beings had their thoughts wiped blank. The ritual dancer would weave their own version according to their thoughts, creating a colorful dream.

The god could not perceive it while in slumber, only upon awakening would the dreams emerge, allowing them to reminisce.

If they liked it, they would bless it.

This was the reason why there were so many branch sects of the Yin Yang Flower Sect.

In every branch sect, there was a ritual dancer. According to their cultivation and past blessings, the abilities and range they could display were also different.



As the creator of the god's dream in this area of the Unending Mountain Range, this old man felt that the god should like his sacrificial dance this time.

"Especially those few outsiders, causing this dream…"

"It's even more interesting."

The old man sat down cross-legged again. His eyes were filled with deep intentions as he spoke hoarsely.

The same four words were said softly from the captain's mouth.

The smile on his face was also filled with deep meaning, but all of this was fleeting. He stretched his back and swept his beautiful eyes across the surroundings, landing on a guard beside him.

That guard was following without any expressions. He was none other than Xu Qing in disguise.

Xu Qing's mind was a little chaotic. He felt that there was something wrong with everything. Everything progressing too smoothly was only one aspect.

For example, at this moment, he looked at a bird in the sky.

The bird had already stopped in mid-air for a few breaths, as though it was stuck there.

The dizzy feeling resurfaced in front of Xu Qing's eyes at that moment, and the sense of overlap gradually weakened until it faded completely, as if the bird had never paused and had already flown far away.

Xu Qing narrowed his eyes and suddenly lifted his right hand, grabbing at the bird that was far away. He wanted to see if this bird was real or fake.

The bird's body trembled and its trajectory was changed, rolling back toward him.

However, the instant the trajectory changed and the bird landed in Xu Qing's hand, the surroundings suddenly distorted intensely. A blurry and dizzy sensation appeared again.

This time around, it was even more intense than before. This was because all the bridal escort teams in the surroundings actually stopped at this moment. Everyone turned their heads and looked at Xu Qing in unison. Their expressions were wooden and their gazes were dull.

Xu Qing's body paused. The feeling of touch in his hand allowed him to clearly sense that this bird was real. There was also its heartbeat and body temperature.

The scene of everyone in the surroundings looking at him was so strange that his scalp felt a little numb. After two breaths of silence, Xu Qing let go. The bird quickly rose into the air and returned to its original location, continuing to fly forward according to its previous trajectory.

It was as though its fate had long been decided.

The surrounding people also turned their heads as though nothing had happened and continued moving forward. Their expressions instantly recovered and they were filled with joy.

The music played and the scattering of flowers continued.

Only Xu Qing's heart palpitated intensely as he looked at the captain.

The captain looked at Xu Qing with deep meaning.

This gaze caused Xu Qing to instinctively recall something the captain had said many times.

 "Little Qing, just trust me."

* * *































































The wind blew over, bringing with it the fragrance of flower petals.

The music was melodious, sending over the joy of the wedding.

However, Xu Qing's heart stirred at this moment. He followed the team and retracted his gaze from the captain.

Ever since he arrived at the Unending Mountain Range, Xu Qing had observed the captain's abnormalities more than once.

Regardless of whether it was the fact that he had deliberately said a lot of things, the action of giving the apple, or the subsequent observations, all of these made Xu Qing feel that there was something amiss with the captain.

However, this wasn't right. It didn't seem like the captain's way. It was more like the captain was deliberately revealing a flaw that only he could identify.

'He's reminding me.' Xu Qing mumbled inwardly.

He could sense that the captain had no intention of harming him. He was very clear about this.

Even if he recalled the other party's actions on the way, this point was still clear.

Moreover, this wasn't the first or second time the two of them had done something big. Hence, Xu Qing knew the captain's style.

'This reminder doesn't sound like a cry for help. It's more like there are some things that aren't convenient for him to say directly, so he used this method to make me pay attention.'

Xu Qing fell into deep thought and recalled the bird earlier. He also recalled the reactions of everyone in the surroundings after he caught that bird.

"Even though the bird is real, the behavior of real life is changeable, yet it still returns to its original path. There's a sense of being compelled, as if everything is prearranged."



Xu Qing frowned and checked D132. He discovered that the god's finger was normal and was still in a deep sleep. This meant that It didn't sense anything amiss with the outside world.

"And earlier, when everyone around suddenly looked at me, it seemed like my actions were very out of place among them. Or perhaps… the person I was impersonating shouldn't have made such a move?"

Xu Qing remained silent. Everything had gone extremely smoothly after he entered the Unending Mountain Range. If he didn't think about it, everything seemed normal.

"However, this normality carried an eerie twist."

Xu Qing continued to follow the team. He was prepared to see what would happen at the wedding venue next.

Time slowly passed. The escort team moved very quickly in the sky. Two hours later, they approached the Mystic Life Sect. Lanterns and colorful banners could be seen from afar.

The mountain peaks were adorned with brilliant colors through spells, the trees adorned with red lanterns, and even spells launched into the sky to create one explosion of fireworks after another, echoing throughout the area.

At the same time, disciples from various sects and families in the Unending Mountain Range were mostly invited. They arrived early with their clan elders, forming a circle around the Mystic Life Sect from all directions.

Men, women, old, and young, all of them had smiles on their faces. Everything looked extraordinarily lively.

Laughter rose from everywhere, and joy filled the air.

As the bridal escort team got closer, the atmosphere was completely stirred. Waves of blessings transformed into sound waves that resounded through the clouds.

As for the Mystic Life Sect in front, it was especially colorful under the encirclement of these mountains.

The mountain peak where the sect was located emitted a rainbow light. The main palace at the top of the mountain was decorated like a wedding room. Countless red lanterns rose into the air and even more sunlight scattered down from the sky.

The disciples of the Mystic Life Sect were all in high spirits, and they went out to welcome the guests. A colorful silk carpet was spread from the mountaintop to the base, covering every step.

As the bridal sedan approached the Mystic Life Sect, the sound of ringing bells echoed from within the sect, and an air of solemnity blanketed everything. This silence gathered all the gazes from every direction onto the bridal sedan, which was now even closer to the Mystic Life Sect.

"Fairy Xianghan, please ascend the mountain."

Amidst the respectful greetings, the captain inside the bridal sedan had a look of anticipation. Her cheeks were flushed with a hint of red, and she took a step out of the sedan, standing on the steps.

Her figure was graceful and charming as she walked forward step by step.

More than half of the escort team behind him knelt down. Only the maids and guards beside Nether Fairy followed behind the captain.

Xu Qing was among them.

He looked at the captain's expression and his swaying figure. He sighed with emotion at the other party's exquisite acting skills. If he hadn't seen the captain shave his legs with his own eyes, he would have thought that the captain was really Nether Fairy.

In this manner, amidst the continuous ringing of bells and the echoing sounds of blessings, the captain slowly walked to the mountaintop.

 Today was his big day, and everything revolved around him. Wherever he went, the disciples of Mystic Life Sect knelt before him in reverence.

Xu Qing looked at all of this and, for some reason, felt a sense of blessing welling up within his heart.

When the bell rang 21 times, the captain's figure walked up the last step of the mountain peak. The moment he stood there, the captain's previous life body walked out of the palace in the distance.

Today's previous life body was a little different from what Xu Qing had seen back then. He was wearing bright red clothes and he looked more joyous. However, the stench on his body and the ugliness of his appearance weren't much different from before.

The black gas emitted by his breathing was still a shocking sight.

"This is a wedding between him and his past." Xu Qing felt a little regretful that Wu Jianwu didn't come. Otherwise, if he saw this scene with his own eyes, Wu Jianwu would definitely recite a poem.

At this moment, the sound of singing spread to the world.

"As cultivators, we take the heavens as our witness, the earth as our testimony, and the dao as our connection. We join our destinies in this ceremony!"

The captain lowered his head shyly and bowed to his distant husband.

The couple, the captain and his husband, both bowed their heads, performing the ceremony that united them as cultivators. The wedding ceremony reached its climax in an explosion of cheers and applause from the gathered crowd.

Auspicious colors filled the sky and endless light shone. The sky churned and the ground trembled.

Afterward, amidst the lively and extraordinary atmosphere, the captain was escorted to the bridal chamber. There, she would burn incense and wait for her husband to join her.

At that moment, the banquet began on the square of the Mystic Life Sect. Distinguished figures from various sects gathered, as only they had the privilege to be invited to sit there.

As for the other disciples, they were not overlooked. A larger banquet was held outside the Mystic Life Sect, and all those who came to witness the ceremony were well taken care of. This created a joyous atmosphere that resounded from all directions.

As Nether Fairy's guard, Xu Qing didn't have the qualifications to eat at the banquet. He was arranged to maintain order here with the Mystic Life Sect's guards.

Looking at the people in front of him drinking and laughing non-stop, Xu Qing walked among them. The image of the person beside him looking at him with a numb expression after he caught the bird appeared in his mind.

Thinking of this, a bizarre thought rose in Xu Qing's mind again.

'There's another way that can probe the strangeness of the Unending Mountain Range.'

Xu Qing mumbled inwardly and lifted his head to look at the bridal chamber where the captain was.

At this point in the plan, everything depended on the captain's performance.

Xu Qing retracted his gaze and swept his gaze across everyone in the surroundings.

"If everyone is really like that bird…" Xu Qing narrowed his eyes and silently ordered the shadow to control a cultivator.

In an instant, Xu Qing's shadow silently spread out on the ground and instantly got close to a Golden Core cultivator, overlapping with his shadow.

Very soon, the possession was completed.

However, that person was normal. He was still drinking and chatting happily. There were no changes at all.

A dark glint flashed in Xu Qing's eyes. He could sense the intense emotions emitted by the shadow.

"Can't… interfere… forcefully die… Strange…"

Xu Qing ordered the shadow to continue with the others. After a few times, everything was the same and Xu Qing understood.

However, he still needed to verify it. Hence, he ordered the shadow to forcefully control them. Very soon, a Foundation Building cultivator paused under the shadow's efforts. His hand, which was about to reach for the wine glass, changed its trajectory and picked up the chopsticks to pick up the dishes.

The laughter in the surroundings instantly stopped. Countless gazes looked at that person in unison.

Xu Qing's pupils contracted and he immediately dissipated his control.

The cultivator didn't notice at all and placed the dish he picked up back without any mistakes. He also put down his chopsticks and picked up his wine glass again, continuing the actions he had wanted to perform previously.

After drinking it in one gulp, the surrounding people laughed and chatted again. Everything was normal.

Xu Qing closed his eyes.

He understood.

"Everyone's trajectory has been set like that bird. We have to follow this arrangement. Even if an accident happens in the middle, we will reverse it on our own and continue completing it."

"And all the strangeness began after we entered the Unending Mountain Range…"

"All living beings in this mountain range have their fates changed and are weaved according to the thoughts of a certain will."

"It's like a show."

"I'm also in this show."

"Unknowingly, my previous thoughts and actions were also given roles and I became a character in the show."

"I think it's even more so for Wu Jianwu and Ning Yan."

"Perhaps that's why I experience blurriness and overlapping, because the entities within me, whether they are the god's finger or the Purple Moon, cause me to be influenced as well as repel this force. That's why I see the bird pause, and that's why I can contemplate the inconsistencies here."

"Only the captain…" Xu Qing looked at the top of the mountain.

"He should know all of this. He took the initiative to get into character…"

Xu Qing understood. He lowered his head and waited silently.

Time slowly passed and the banquet gradually came to an end. As the sky darkened again and people left one after another, a mournful cry suddenly rang out from the bridal chamber at the top of the mountain.

This blood-curdling scream spread in all directions, causing the color of the sky to change and clouds to surge in all directions.

At this moment, Xu Qing felt dizzy again. As for everyone in the surroundings, they abruptly lifted their heads and their expressions became numb as they looked at the mountain peak.

It seemed that there, a different script was unfolding, one that didn't align with the pre-established narrative!

They weren't the only ones. All the living beings in the entire Mystic Life Sect, including the birds in the sky and the flowers and plants, faced the main hall without moving.

In the main hall, after this blood-curdling scream, footsteps rang out. The captain walked out step by step.

He held a person in his hand. It was his previous life body.

Finally, he stood in front of the palace and looked at his surroundings.

He didn't care about the numb gazes of everyone in the surroundings. His gaze landed on Xu Qing in the distance and a smile appeared on his face as he spoke softly.

"Junior Brother, do you understand?"

As he spoke, his other hand took out a peach and took a bite.































































Xu Qing's dizziness was still intense. However, after many experiences, he could barely adapt to it. At that moment, he looked at everything in his surroundings and then at the peach in the captain's hand.

Xu Qing smiled.

"I understand a little. This Unending Mountain Range is like a show."

When the captain heard this, admiration appeared in his eyes and he laughed.

"It's indeed a show."

"Junior Brother, this is a show dedicated to Red Moon and Crimson Goddess. You and I are lucky enough to participate in it. How good is that?"

Xu Qing nodded. He noticed what the captain said about the show being dedicated to the Red Moon and Crimson Goddess.

"In the Moon Worship Region, any place where the Yin Yang Flower Sect exists is covered by the dream power of the Red Moon and Crimson Goddess. The Yin Yang Flower Sect will weave a show which will become the god's dream."

The captain smiled and spoke.

"This is the sacrificial dance of the Yin Yang Flower Sect."

Although Xu Qing had guessed a lot, he didn't associate it with the sacrificial dance. When he heard this, he was a little moved.

"Those dancing butterflies…" Xu Qing looked at the captain.

"The dancing butterfly is a dream creature formed by the ritual dancer after borrowing the god's dream power to influence all living beings."



The captain ate the peach and carried his previous life body in his hand as he walked toward Xu Qing. As he walked, he spoke.

"It is illusory, one of the vessels of the power of dreams, as well as a medium to transmit the stories here into the consciousness of the god when it awakens."

Xu Qing took a deep breath. While this explanation seemed unbelievable at first, upon reflecting on his memories, everything seemed to align.

"However, before the god awakens, these dancing butterflies won't be able to return, so they won't be able to send this grand show to it."

"Can you guess why I knew all of this and chose to take the initiative to enter, Junior Brother?"

The captain had a smug expression as he walked to Xu Qing's side.

Xu Qing's gaze landed on the previous life body in the captain's hand and he already had an answer.

"Your previous life body wasn't lost at all. The tomb we went to previously was actually fake as well."

"Just as Eldest Senior Brother said at the start, in order to prevent tomb raiders, you set up some illusions in advance. The place we went to is actually… one of the illusions."

"At that time, Ning Yan asked you what the layout of the last two of the nine illusions you mentioned was."

"At that time, you smiled and didn't say anything. This was because the tomb we went to was the eighth illusion, and the entire Unending Mountain Range was… the ninth illusion!"

Xu Qing looked at the captain and slowly spoke.

"Eldest Senior Brother, how many people did you offend back then? What did you do to make you so afraid that someone would steal your previous life body?"

The captain was a little surprised when he heard this. After that, he laughed loudly.

"As expected of my junior brother, haha. You're right. That tomb is the eighth illusion and this Unending Mountain Range is the ninth illusion!"

"Eldest Senior Brother, you have picked up bad habits from Bai Xiaozhuo, revealing the answer in advance, that's not good." Xu Qing frowned.

The captain grinned. He had indeed learned this from Bai Xiaozhuo and thought it would make him look very impressive.

"Do you want to know where my true tomb is?" The captain winked, looking like he wanted to keep him in suspense.

The familiar expression, the familiar cheekiness, and the familiar style finally made Xu Qing feel relieved, and he then spoke with a neutral expression.

"In the dream."

Xu Qing didn't want to cooperate anymore.

The captain widened his eyes, feeling that it was no fun anymore. Little Qing wasn't as cute as before. However, he could also see that Xu Qing was angry. So, he chuckled, put his arm around Xu Qing's neck, and spoke in a low voice.

 "Junior Brother, you're so impressive to be able to guess this."

"In my previous life, with the help of a mysterious high god, I hid my body in the dream of Crimson Goddess… and even crushed the dancing butterflies in that dream."

Xu Qing's eyes narrowed, and the mention of the mysterious high god in the captain's words caught his attention.

At the same time, the world changed. The expressions of all the living beings in the surroundings changed from numb to sinister. Regardless of whether it was vegetation or rocks, everything emitted intense malice at this moment.

This malice gathered from all directions and erupted from all things in the Unending Mountain Range. After it gathered, it transformed into a voice.

"Get out!"

As the voice rang out, the Unending Mountain Range rumbled in unison. The ground also trembled and the city at the foot of the mountain also swayed.

The captain smiled but didn't explain this mysterious high god or care about the changes in the surroundings. He continued to talk about the location of his previous life body.

"As for the way to get to it, it can only be done by entering the dream. I couldn't reveal it to you earlier because everything had to align with the requirements of this dream. Only by doing so could I truly immerse myself in the role."

"However, I reminded you before, so don't be too angry." The captain smiled cheekily and raised the previous life body in his hand.

"Look, my goal is actually still this thing because it's the key to getting to my previous life body in this dream. You definitely won't be able to guess what the main body of this thing is."

As the captain spoke, he waved his right hand and instantly, his previous life body turned into black water that splashed down, revealing… a rotting dancing butterfly in the center!

It emitted an ancient aura. Clearly, it wasn't just born but had existed for a very, very long time. Its level of concealment was also extremely high, as it was able to escape the Crimson Goddess' senses.

This was the key.

The moment it appeared, the surroundings trembled. The color of the sky changed and the wind and clouds rolled back. The shaking of the entire Unending Mountain Range was incomparably intense. Countless living beings in the surroundings revealed struggle and pain.

Rocks collapsed and plants broke.

The instant everything changed, a shocking fluctuation spread out from the Yin Yang Flower Sect. There was also an extremely angry roar that spread through the world.

"Wake up, wake up!"

As the voice appeared, the struggle of all living beings became even more intense. It was as though the ritual dancer who created this scene wanted to end the dream and reverse everything, interrupting the captain's plan.

"Too late."

The captain laughed and lifted the key in his finger, waving it fiercely at the sky.

"Open!"

In an instant, the sky rumbled and the sound resounded through the clouds. It was as though the world had been split open, surpassing heavenly thunder. As the world continued to explode, a huge gap directly appeared in the sky.

This crack wasn't big at first but it continued to expand amidst waves of deafening sounds. Finally, it opened like a scar in the sky.

The aura of decay spread out from this huge crack. It was as though it had been hidden for too long and the vicissitudes of time inside were about to be released at this moment.

The sky and ground showed signs of collapse. A blue coffin suddenly appeared from the crack.

This wasn't formed from iron or wood but from blue ice!

There was a figure lying inside the ice coffin, dressed in a luxurious blue robe with golden embroidery. He exuded a terrifying aura, his expression full of dignity, and his right hand firmly gripping a scepter!

His appearance caused the sky to explode and the ground to collapse. A mournful wail rang out from the Yin Yang Flower Sect.

"Primordial Sacrificial Dance Scepter!"

"You were the Grand Ritual Dancer!!"

As his voice echoed, in the cave of the Yin Yang Flower Sect, the expression of the old man in the colorful robe changed drastically. His eyes revealed horror as he quickly cut off the thread between himself and the projection of all living beings in the Unending Mountain Range.

He was very clear that as a ritual dancer, although he looked strong, he was also incomparably fragile. He was strong because of this ability to create dreams for gods, and fragility was also because of this.

If the dream weaving ended normally, he would have completed a sacrificial dance. However, if he was interrupted during this process, he would suffer a backlash.

The so-called sacrificial dance was actually a special ritual.

The difference between cutting it off himself and forcefully being cut off was the difference between heaven and earth.

He took the initiative to break the dream and wake everyone. Although there was a backlash, he could withstand it. Hence, when he discovered that something was wrong previously, his first thought was to take the initiative to awaken all living beings and end the dream weaving.

However, if the dream weaving was interrupted forcefully by someone else, the meaning would be completely different. He had to withstand the corrosion of all living beings, the karma of all things, and the backlash from the shattering of the god's dream power.

Even if he was Nihility, he wouldn't be able to withstand all of this!

This wasn't something that could be done easily by outsiders.

The moment he saw the scepter that represented the Grand Ritual Dancer appear, he was completely terrified.

However, he no longer had the time to take the initiative to cut off the dream weaving. The instant the coffin appeared, the captain's eyes revealed a strange glint as he shouted.

"Junior Brother, unleash your strength and fuse it into my coffin scepter, awakening all living beings whose fate has been changed!"

The captain didn't elaborate but Xu Qing understood that what he wanted him to display was the power of the Purple Moon. With a sway of his body, Xu Qing endured the dizziness and directly arrived above the ice coffin.

He lifted his right hand and pressed down on the location of the scepter.

The Purple Moon power in his body erupted furiously, causing the ice cube to turn purple. As the captain performed a series of hand seals, the ice coffin cooperated and the purple intent instantly fused into the scepter.

At the next instant, Xu Qing's body trembled. He felt a vast power augmenting his soul. His dizziness disappeared and his mind was clear. The world in front of him was enveloped by a haze.

Threads rose from the bodies of all living beings inside, and all the threads were connected to the Yin Yang Flower Sect's mountain range.

At the same time, there were also illusory dancing butterflies resting on each thread. There were countless of them of various sizes and they were constantly absorbing and strengthening.

"Wake up!"

A purple glint appeared in Xu Qing's eyes as he calmly spoke.

The instant these two simple words were spoken, it was as though millions of lightning bolts had exploded at the same time, tearing through all the threads and echoing in the hearts of all living beings in the Unending Mountain Range.

Countless cultivators and mortals trembled and instantly woke up. After a short period of confusion, their expressions turned into horror and they instinctively retreated.

Those who were Dao companions now had terrified expressions on their faces. They didn't know each other at all!

Those who were brothers were now trembling. They had once been mortal enemies.

Those who had been family were all panting. There was no kinship between them.

This was only a portion. There were even more living beings whose fates had been restored. They awakened and remembered everything.

It was the same for the sect. Even the Yin Yang Flower Sect couldn't escape this scene. A portion of the disciples weren't even from the Unending Mountain Range.

They had only passed by before and unknowingly became disciples.

As for Yunxia, she was trembling at this moment. Her hair was disheveled and she suddenly lifted her head to look at the mountain peak.

She wasn't the sect master, let alone the daughter of this sect's ancestor. On the contrary, this sect was her enemy!

As all living beings in the Unending Mountain Range woke up and their threads shattered, the dream ended.

All the karma, all the backlash, the interruption of the god's dream, and all the evil formed gathered on the ritual dancer.

A heart-rending cry filled the sky.

The old man in the cave had a look of despair. He wanted to struggle but it was useless. Every broken thread transformed into a dancing butterfly that devoured him, causing him certain damage.

The convergence of the damage caused by the number of living beings in the Unending Mountain Range was even more terrifying. Endless dancing butterflies flickered between illusion and reality, completely enveloping his body and devouring it crazily.

His body rotted and disappeared at a speed visible to the naked eye. What made him feel the most despair was the backlash from the shattering of the god's dream. That wasn't a power he could resist.

Under this backlash, the curse in his body erupted crazily and spread throughout his body, enveloping his soul. The pain it brought caused him to fall into madness.

Even if he knelt on the ground and prayed to the god, it was useless.

Finally, a few breaths later, under the devouring of the endless dancing butterflies and the backlash of the god's dream, his entire person turned into blood and splashed on the ground of the cave.

Dancing for the Emperor, the talented are rewarded, the untalented perish.

It was even more so when the dance was for the gods.































































When a god dreamed, a dance was used as ritual, weaving the fates of all beings.

Those who were outstanding were blessed by the god, and those who were bad would be destroyed with a thought.

This was the sacrificial dance.

As the old man in the twin peaks died from the backlash, all the dancing butterflies produced by this failed ritual dance dissipated with him.

After these dancing butterflies devoured his flesh and blood, they fused into the world and disappeared, allowing all living beings to be clear-headed.

To the living beings of the Unending Mountain Range, waking up… might not be a blessing.

A life that wasn't arranged might bring about even more confusion.

Starting from the city at the foot of the mountain, this confusion was like a storm sweeping everywhere.

In the city, be it mortals or cultivators, they fell silent the moment they woke up.

Some were husband and wife, some were friends, some were relatives, and some were master and disciple. They looked at each other with complicated expressions that replaced confusion. They were unfamiliar and familiar with each other.

What was unfamiliar was that they didn't know each other in the past and were only together due to the roles forced upon them. What was familiar was that this memory didn't disappear, so they were at a loss on what to do.

It was the same for the sect, and the various races. The storm swept through the entire Unending Mountain Range.

Some people chose to leave and never return to this place that gave them the feeling of horror and absurdity.



Most of them were outsiders.

However, in reality, the vast majority of the beings in the Unending Mountain Range had been here since they were born. Their fates had changed when they were infants.

In fact, if they continued to trace back their history, it would be the same for their ancestors.

They were accustomed to life being arranged, accustomed to everything following predetermined paths, and even this habit had become instinctive because they had no knowledge of the truth until they awakened.

From what they knew, the world hadn't changed and life was normal.

It was like being locked in a cage. When the cage was opened one day, they… would still choose to stay in the cage.

Even in their minds, to strengthen their own thoughts, they would generate doubts, questioning whether this so-called awakening from the dream is a deception.

To prove to themselves that they have been awake from the beginning.

This was a type of happiness and also a type of sorrow.

Xu Qing remained silent.

At that moment, with the help of the blue ice coffin where the captain's previous life body was and the power of the scepter inside, his divine sense covered the entire Unending Mountain Range.

This allowed him to clearly sense the thoughts of all living beings.

In the end, Xu Qing and the captain chose to leave.

The captain also sensed all of this and sighed.

"These beings, born here and surviving for generations, even if they awaken from the dream, it doesn't make much of a difference compared to their dream state."

"They will continue to live here. Just like before, there are no changes."

"Little Qing, let's go… Perhaps to them, our appearance is an intrusion."

The captain shook his head and kept his ice coffin before walking toward the sky. After taking a few steps, he stopped and turned to look at Xu Qing.

Xu Qing took a deep breath and retracted his senses, walking toward the captain.

The two of them left silently until they arrived outside the Yin Yang Flower Sect.

Wu Jianwu was there.

At that moment, less than 50% of the Yin Yang Flower Sect survived. The mountain had collapsed and the spirit pool was tainted by the dust. More than half of the sect's disciples had left after waking up.

 Only the cultivators who were originally born here sat silently on the shattered mountain rocks, their thoughts in a mess.

As for Wu Jianwu's figure, he stood at the foot of the mountain in a daze. In front of him was Yunxia, who was walking away step by step.

The sunset sky brought with it the feeling of curtain falling, giving off a sense of oppression. Just like his heart at this moment, it was also as complicated as Yunxia's.

Wu Jianwu stared blankly at Yunxia's figure, finding it hard to speak.

After sensing the drastic changes that had happened here, he immediately ran back here and saw the collapse of the mountain, the chaos in the surroundings, and Yunxia.

He recited poems, but the other party didn't seem to understand him. She didn't even glance at him.

This filled Wu Jianwu's heart with bitterness. At that moment, as he stared at the other party's back, he suddenly spoke loudly.

"The sky is dark, the strong wind blows the clouds, and the daylight brings a light rain; I have an umbrella!"

Wu Jianwu's voice spread into the world and landed beside Yunxia's ear. However, Yunxia didn't stop in her tracks or turn her head. Eventually, she disappeared without a trace.

Wu Jianwu was in a daze. He took a few steps back and sat at the side.

Xu Qing and the captain walked over silently. Looking at the dejected expression on Wu Jianwu's face, Xu Qing gave him a flask of wine. He felt that the current Wu Jianwu probably wanted to drink.

Wu Jianwu trembled as he took it. After taking a big gulp, his eyes turned a little red as he mumbled.

"She doesn't understand at all. It's all fake!"

The captain sighed and patted Wu Jianwu's shoulder without saying anything.

A moment later, as Wu Jianwu's emotions recovered a little, the group left. However, Wu Jianwu remained silent the entire way.

On the way, the captain found Ning Yan, who was hiding in a crack in the ground, and picked him up.

Ning Yan was trembling with fear. The scene here earlier made him feel extreme danger. Hence, after seeing Xu Qing and the others, he was also excited. After that, he glared angrily at Wu Jianwu and was about to speak when he discovered that there was something wrong with Wu Jianwu's expression.

Ning Yan was surprised and wanted to ask, but he also knew that it wasn't the right time. Hence, he suppressed this curiosity in his heart.

Just like that, the group left the Unending Mountain Range. As the captain took out the artificial sun, everyone's figures flickered and disappeared into the horizon.































































Time flowed by and very soon, seven days passed.

What happened in the Unending Mountain Range gradually spread from the mouths of the people who left. At the same time, the death of the ritual dancer attracted the attention of all the Yin Yang Flower Sect.

In these seven days, many experts of the Yin Yang Flower Sect used Door Walkers to come over and take a look.

Finally, a wanted poster from the Yin Yang Flower Sect spread throughout the entire Moon Worship Region.

They wanted the blasphemers led by Wei Yangzi and Tian Qingzi.

If someone provided clues, they would obtain the friendship of the Yin Yang Flower Sect. If someone carried their heads and souls over, the Yin Yang Flower Sect's main sect would reward them with the curse-resolving pill.

As soon as this wanted poster was released, the entire Moon Worship Region was shaken. On one hand, this matter wasn't small. On the other hand, it was the curse-resolving pill.

This pill only had one effect, and that was to alleviate the pain caused by the curse.

As the cultivators in the Moon Worship Region cultivated, the Red Moon curse in their bodies would gradually bring extreme pain to their bodies and souls as their cultivation levels increased and time passed.

The torture formed by this pain was something no cultivator wanted to endure. The only thing that could alleviate this pain was the curse-resolving pill.

However, there were too few of this pill and a huge demand, so it was extremely precious. It couldn't be bought with spirit stones. Usually, any one of such pills was a rare commodity.

For example, back then, the ancestor of the alliance of the two races planned to capture Xu Qing alive and send him to the shrine to exchange for the curse-resolving pill.



From this, one could imagine how tempting the wanted list was.

At that moment, Xu Qing, the captain, and the others who were wanted had already left the Unending Mountain Range and appeared near the west.

The captain was going to lie low here and prepare for another matter.

Xu Qing didn't plan to follow. He had his own matters to deal with.

He still remembered that in the firefly city on Duanmu Zang's side, there were more than 100,000 humans with the curse. He wanted to help them neutralize the curse.

However, to undo this curse, he needed to undergo a large amount of research and experiments. This required a relatively stable environment and a certain amount of time.

With the captain's lively personality, it was clearly not suitable to conduct such experiments with him around.

At the same time, Xu Qing also planned to take a look at another place.

Hence, Xu Qing told the captain about this thought.

"Study the curse?" The captain's eyes lit up when he heard this. After taking a bite of a peach, the light in his eyes became even more intense.

"Haha, Little Qing, this idea of yours was originally the eighth major thing I prepared. If you can gain some insights in advance, we can save a lot of time in the future."

"Very well!" The captain's face showed determination as he handed an apple to Xu Qing, put his arm around his neck, and spoke in a low voice.

"Little Qing, if you go out on your own, remember to be careful not to be found by the Yin Yang Flower Sect. I'm preparing to do a small thing first. It will probably take around half a year."

"How small?" Xu Qing glanced at the captain.

"Haha, it's a very small, very minor thing," the captain said, raising his hand and touching his thumb and forefinger together before separating them to illustrate the task at hand.

"Then take care." Xu Qing smiled but didn't ask further.

The captain laughed and looked at the distant world.

"Alright, let's separate here. How about we meet up in the Bitter Life Mountain Range in half a year? Let me tell you, Little Qing, don't be late this time. It's best if you can arrive early. In half a year, Eldest Senior Brother will bring you to join an especially impressive, awesome organization!"

"It is an important chess piece for us to play against the Red Moon!"

A strange glint appeared in Xu Qing's eyes. The first time he heard of the name of the Bitter Life Mountain Range was from Duanmu Zang. He knew that there was a way to join the Moon Rebel Hall there.

As for the details, Xu Qing didn't understand. The place he originally planned to go also included this Bitter Life Mountain Range.

This was because Duanmu Zang had told him that the Moon Rebel Hall's research on curses was very deep. If he could obtain relevant information from them, it would save him a lot of time.

Moreover, by analogy, it could also provide him with many ideas.

 Hence, Xu Qing nodded. After discussing some details of the meeting with the captain, Xu Qing stood up and prepared to leave.

Before he left, the captain took some seeds from Wu Jianwu and handed them to Xu Qing.

"Junior Brother, if you arrive at the Bitter Life Mountain Range in advance, plant these seeds there, I'll get Big Jianjian to arrange for his descendants to follow the aura of these seeds to find you. I'll be able to find you through this after I'm done."

Xu Qing took the seeds and felt a little strange. He knew how special Wu Jianwu's descendants were. The wish box from back then involuntarily appeared in his mind and he looked at Wu Jianwu.

Wu Jianwu still looked dejected. He lay there lifelessly and sighed from time to time.

"Don't worry about him. It's a normal condition when you have a heartbreak. He'll be fine in a few days."

The captain smiled as he spoke, and after that, he took a deep breath and looked at Xu Qing with a sense of blessing in his eyes.

"So, my junior brother, let's each go our separate ways and take care of ourselves!"

Xu Qing nodded.

Ning Yan pricked up his ears at the side and had been eavesdropping on the conversation between the two of them. It was only when he heard the word 'heartbreak' that he finally understood why Wu Jianwu had been like this these few days. Disdain rose in his heart and he thought to himself, 'Just that?'

Seeing that Xu Qing was about to leave, he hurriedly stood up to send him off. His eyes revealed desire. He hoped that Xu Qing would bring him away…

Xu Qing ignored him. With a step, he left the artificial sun and disappeared into the horizon.

"He has grown up, no longer playing with Senior Brother anymore," the captain watched Xu Qing go into the distance, feeling a sense of nostalgia. Then, he raised his hand and performed hand seals. The artificial sun roared, accelerating his journey forward.































































Time flowed by and very soon, half a month passed.

The Yin Yang Flower Sect's wanted notices were still in place, but the wanted people remained elusive, disappearing as if into thin air. Meanwhile, the emergence of another major event caused people to instinctively overlook this ongoing pursuit.

This major event was so shocking that the entire Moon Worship Region was in an uproar.

The divine son was heavily injured!

The cause of this matter was hidden very well at the start. Other than the Red Moon Shrine's headquarters, no one else knew. They only knew that there had been a drastic change in the northern ice plains and that a phenomenon had appeared on the Heavenly Fire Sea. They also sensed the energy fluctuations in that area that had lasted for more than a month.

Although there were many guesses, there was no real information after all.

It wasn't until several months had passed that the true nature of this matter was widely disseminated. Moreover, it was not the Red Moon Shrine but individuals associated with the Moon Rebel Hall who spread the information across various locations.

They told the world that the phenomenon in the Heavenly Fire Sea was formed by the ruler's heir breaking free of confinement.

As for the drastic change in the northern ice plain, it was because the heir saved Princess Mingmei, the daughter of the ruler.

These two astonishing existences attacked the Red Moon Shrine's headquarters immediately after escaping.

An astonishing battle broke out there.

This was the reason why the energy fluctuations in that area lasted for a month.

As for the outcome of this battle, the heir and Princess Mingmei went missing, while the Red Moon Shrine's divine son was heavily injured.

This matter revealed a key point, which was that… Crimson Goddess didn't descend.



This didn't make sense. This was because if the divine son was heavily injured, he would definitely activate the divine technique. However, from the fluctuations of the world during this period of time, that didn't happen!

Hence, two more rumors spread at the same time.

The first rumor was about the true identity of the Red Moon's divine son and the souls he had been extracting from his suppressed brothers and sisters over the years. It was said that these souls were taken away during the great battle.

These souls were the reason why the ruler's sealed descendants had lost their minds.

It was said that the moment they were snatched away, countless inhuman wails rang out from the Red Moon Shrine.

This revelation created a sensation, and some people analyzed that the Crown Prince's plan was not merely a straightforward showdown with the divine son, but rather had deeper motives.

Perhaps these souls were only one of his goals.

As for the details, no one knew.

The second rumor tugged at the hearts of all living beings.

"Crimson Goddess fell into a deep sleep due to matters in the foreign region and won't be able to wake up for some time!"

The information contained in this rumor was too shocking. The sky of the Moon Worship Region seemed to have changed.

Some believed it, while others didn't. However, no matter what… the entire Moon Worship Region began to tremble because of this series of events.

It was like waves had appeared in a pool of stagnant water.

In an instant, various local organizations emerged in the various counties and provinces like a spark.

They promoted the slogan of the Moon Rebel and called for people to rise up in resistance in an attempt to turn this spark into a blaze.

However, the Red Moon Shrine, all the forces dependent on the temple, as well as a large number of divine envoys, divine servants, and divine slaves, quickly went out and suppressed them.

Furthermore, the temple's high priest, after the severe injury of the divine son, awakened from a long slumber and took charge of the overall situation.

His style was iron-blooded, stirring up a storm of flesh and blood that swept through the large region.

However, in the end… the wind still blew in the Moon Worship.

At that moment, in Qingsha[1] County in the western part of the Moon Worship Region, a green-colored sandstorm had arisen, seemingly connecting the heavens and obscuring the line of sight.

Qingsha County was one of the seven counties in the western part of the Moon Worship Region, and was close to the center.

 The name of this place came from the fact that the entire county was made up of deserts.

The deserts here were quite special. The sand wasn't yellow but green.

Hence, the wind that blew was also green sand wind that didn't dissipate all year round.

The people who lived here had to adapt to the climate here, dwelling and reproducing in this endless expanse of green sandstorms.

There were also many legends about the green sandstorms here, and one of them was the most recognized.

Legend had it that this place wasn't a desert a long time ago but a huge basin with countless tall mountain peaks.

At that time, the soil on the ground was black and fog would rise from the ground, forming a sea of fog here.

One day, a strand of green hair fell from the sky. This strand of hair floated here and turned into dust that filled the basin, forming green sand.

This also caused this place to turn into a desert from then on.

Back then, most of the tall mountain peaks were drowned because of this. The exposed parts were connected to each other, forming mountain ranges of various sizes.

Among them, the largest mountain range was called Bitter Life Mountain Range.

This desert was also known as the Green Hair Desert.

Due to the harsh climate, there weren't many residents in the Green Hair Desert. However, due to some special reasons, there were many outsiders here.

As time passed, this area gradually transformed, giving rise to one earthen city after another.

These cities were built on mountain peaks and didn't exist on the sand. The Red Moon Shrine also specially built a stronghold here.

At that moment, in the green sandstorm, the world was hazy. In this blurriness, there was a figure moving forward.

The wind was very strong and let out a whimpering whistling sound. When it landed on his body, it was as though countless hands were pushing him, obstructing his advancement. It also caused his robe to flutter and shake continuously.

However, they couldn't stop the figure in the sandstorm. His speed didn't seem fast but every step he took covered an area of dozens of feet. Occasionally, he would stop and take out a jade slip to determine his direction.

"There's still some distance."

Xu Qing murmured softly, his face covered by a scarf, and his hair as well, leaving only his eyes exposed as he gazed into the distance.

[1] It means green desert.































































After parting ways with the captain, he contemplated his next journey and decided to head directly to the Bitter Life Mountain Range as his destination.

He intended to find a place to settle down and study the curse while searching for a way to join the Moon Rebel Hall.

Today was his third day in the Green Hair Desert.

He had changed out of his Daoist robe and into local attire, wearing a close-fitting upper garment, baggy trousers, knee-high boots made of animal hide, and a large gray outer robe that enveloped his entire body, providing excellent protection for Ling'er as well.

The winds in this place had the same penetrating force even for cultivators. While relying on their cultivation could resist it for a short period, if they remained exposed to it for too long, it would inevitably deplete their strength.

This was because the spirit energy was thin and sparse in the desert.

At the same time, the winds here also carried a sense of desolation. Prolonged exposure to them would gradually dim one's vitality, leading to an aura of death until becoming like a skeleton.

Only some special creatures could thrive in this environment, adapting to it as if it were their natural habitat.

For example, when Xu Qing checked the direction, a green scorpion that was more than half the length of a person suddenly rushed out from the sand behind him.

Its speed was so fast that it instantly got close to Xu Qing. Its tail flickered with a cold light and was about to pierce him when the shadow under Xu Qing's feet rose, enveloping the scorpion.

The scorpion disappeared and the shadow quickly returned.



From the start to the end, Xu Qing didn't check at all. After entering this place, he encountered many similar ferocious beasts. Every one of them contained a curse in their bodies, and this made Xu Qing very happy.

Hence, he had long instructed the shadow to capture it alive in its body and leave it for later study.

Now that he had confirmed his location, Xu Qing kept the map jade slip and continued forward.

The information the captain had given him about the Moon Worship Region was only a part of it. When Xu Qing arrived this time, he had also invested some effort and resources to acquire more information about Qingsha County.

Hence, he was very clear about the legends here and the direction of the Bitter Life Mountain Range.

Another seven days passed as he moved forward. As he continued deeper, Xu Qing saw some bizarre entities in the green sandstorm.

It was a huge mushroom that was over 100 feet tall.

These mushrooms were like tall houses that stood tall in the desert. Their colors were bright and when seen from afar, one would instinctively yearn for them.

Xu Qing didn't get close. After his gaze swept over, he chose to avoid them.

He wasn't willing to come into contact with such unnecessary trouble. Other than the huge mushrooms, there would occasionally be some illusions in the desert.

It was formed by the wind and sand, transforming into men and women who laughed as they moved forward.

Their voices possessed soul-stirring power. Wherever they passed, a long trail would appear in the desert.

It was as though there were long insects swimming under the desert.

Other than that, there were also pillars that occasionally appeared in Xu Qing's sight.

These pillars were hung with weathered bones, as though they were warning him of something.

Xu Qing stared at these and continued forward. Several days later, he saw a group of colossal creatures with bells tied to them.

These creatures looked like rhinoceroses. Wherever they passed, the sound of bells would spread in all directions. Sitting on them were some tall and skinny nonhumans. Their bodies were also tightly wrapped, leaving only their white eyes which were observing everything in the surroundings.

After encountering Xu Qing, those colossal creatures paused. The nonhumans on them also had vigilant expressions.

Xu Qing cupped his fists and chose to retreat. After some thought, they nodded at Xu Qing and left, not provoking each other.

Just like that, time slowly passed. Soon, a month had passed.

The Bitter Life Mountain Range was in sight.

Under the dim, hazy sky, the world appeared obscure. The Bitter Life Mountains resembled a sword dragon lying within the desert, with numerous peaks rising and falling, spanning over 4,000 kilometers from west to east.































































Xu Qing didn't know how to join the Moon Rebel Hall.

Back then, Duanmu Zang didn't say it explicitly and only told him to head there.

Now, more than half a year had passed. Xu Qing stood in the green sandstorm and looked at the Bitter Life Mountain Range in the distance. The information he had gathered about this place appeared in his mind.

Different from the Unending Mountain Range, the Bitter Life Mountain Range didn't have any vegetation. There was only the endless wind and sand whistling in his ears. That constant whimpering sound would instinctively make one feel oppressed and desolate.

Xu Qing tightened his collar, feeling Ling'er sliding on his neck. A warm sensation welled up in his heart. In the blink of an eye, he rose along with the sandstorm and gradually set foot in the Bitter Life Mountain Range, embarking on his journey to find the traces of the Moon Rebel Hall.

Time seemed like the wind between heaven and earth, blowing constantly, steadily passing by.

Ten days later, on a relatively tall mountain peak in the Bitter Life Mountain Range, Xu Qing was frowning as he looked around.

During these ten days, he had been searching within the Bitter Life Mountain Range for a long time, but he had yet to find any clues regarding joining the Moon Rebel Hall. However, he did notice that there were many creatures of various races living within this mountain range, residing in earthen cities within the various peaks.

Among them, mortals were rare. Most of them had cultivation bases but they were somewhat xenophobic.

There were a few times when Xu Qing observed them from afar and sensed the hostility in the gazes of those cultivators.

"Duanmu Zang said that the way to join the Moon Rebel Hall is in the Bitter Life Mountain Range…" Xu Qing looked at the mountain peak in the distance. On the tallest mountain in the Bitter Life Mountain Range, there were energy fluctuations of the Red Moon's restriction.



"The Red Moon Shrine usually doesn't casually build branch halls outside, but there's one here…"

"This means that this place is special. There's a high chance that there's really a way to enter the Moon Rebel Hall. However, there's something strange. If the vast majority of people know that the Bitter Life Mountain Range is the territory of the Moon Rebel Hall, why didn't the temple seal this place or forbid entry?"

Xu Qing fell into deep thought and retracted his gaze to look at the foot of the mountain.

From his altitude, the desert at the foot of the mountain was green. The wind blew strongly and stirred up a sandstorm, dyeing the entire world into a green sea of fog.

"Unless there are some special reasons why the sealing and prohibition are ineffective."

Xu Qing fell into deep thought and was about to continue searching. However, at that moment, some shouts from afar were sent over by the wind. There were also faint fluctuations of spells resonating in the wind.

Xu Qing originally didn't care. He had encountered such things a few times in the Bitter Life Mountain Range these few days. Most of them were fights between cultivators from various races for various reasons.

The level of the fight wasn't high and it was mainly at the Foundation Building realm. There were very few Golden Core realm fights.

However, after taking a few steps, Xu Qing stopped in his tracks and looked in the direction of the spell fluctuations.

"The fluctuations of the Nascent Soul realm? Moreover, it's not very strong. It seems to be between the second and third tribulations."

Ever since he arrived here, this was the first time Xu Qing had encountered a fight between Nascent Soul cultivators. Since he couldn't find a way to enter the Moon Rebel Hall here, he had to use other methods to search indirectly.

Hence, Xu Qing concealed his body and fused into the wind, drifting over.

Not long later, the location of the fight was reflected in Xu Qing's eyes.

It was a canyon, and below it lay the green winds of the desert. Two cultivators were locked in a mid-air battle, with ever-changing spells and the sharp edges of magical weapons darting back and forth, creating shockwaves and resonating sounds throughout the area.

These two people were both middle-aged and their clothes were similar to Xu Qing's. Their entire bodies were wrapped up, revealing only their eyes.

Their attacks were extremely fierce, a ruthless exchange of blows, and one of them was severely wounded. There was a large gash on his abdomen, and one of his arms appeared to have been severed at some point.

The one who attacked him had one eye blinded, with fresh blood flowing, but the other eye gleamed with ferocity.

Evidently, this deadly battle had not just started here; it had begun elsewhere and had led to a pursuit that brought them to this location.

The moment Xu Qing arrived, the one-eyed cultivator suddenly spewed a black mist. Within the swirling mist, his opponent, already severely wounded and growing weaker, couldn't evade it. The mist engulfed his face directly.

A mournful cry rang out and the injured cultivator retreated rapidly. However, it was still too late. The one-eyed cultivator let out a sinister laugh and chased after him. His hands ruthlessly stabbed into the other party's chest, shattering his internal organs.

It was unknown what spell he used but it actually turned his opponent into a dried corpse.

Xu Qing watched carefully. Even the nascent souls couldn't escape and were sealed in the dried corpse.

After doing this, the one-eyed cultivator kept the dried corpse and turned his head abruptly. His eyes revealed a dark glint and there were marks flickering in his pupils, giving off a bizarre sensation. He grinned.

"There's one more?"

 "Are you here to rob your grandpa as well?"

As he spoke, his gaze landed on where Xu Qing was hiding.

Although Xu Qing wasn't wearing the mask, his concealment methods were extraordinary. Since the other party could sense him, there must be something special about him. Moreover, the other party's gaze was precise and wasn't a fluke.

Xu Qing thought about it and decided to come out. He took a few steps back to indicate that he didn't have any hostility. His gaze was honest as he calmly spoke.

"Fellow Daoist, I have nothing to do with the person you killed. I followed the fluctuations of spells here because a friend disappeared from this mountain range a month ago, so I came here to search. I wonder if you've seen him…"

Before Xu Qing could finish speaking, the one-eyed cultivator took a few steps back and sneered.

"There are many people who have gone missing here. I've never seen them before." The one-eyed cultivator sped into the distance.

Xu Qing's expression was as calm as ever. He originally planned to make use of this excuse to probe for some information he needed, but the other party was too vigilant.

However, Xu Qing didn't care about this. Since he didn't get an answer, he turned to leave.































































However, after taking a few steps, a cold glint flashed in Xu Qing's eyes. He sensed that there was poison in the surrounding wind at this moment.

This poison was deeply concealed, colorless and odorless, carried by the wind, and could silently affect someone without their awareness.

"The concoction is a bit crude, using blurring grass, hundred leaves withering, nine valor rocks… and also some corpse flowers. It's a blended poison, requiring another poison to trigger its effects."

Xu Qing took a sniff but his expression didn't change as he continued forward.

Almost fifteen minutes later, a whistling sound rang out from behind him. Xu Qing was expressionless as he turned his head.

The one-eyed cultivator had returned and was hundreds of feet away from Xu Qing. A strange look appeared in his eyes as he stared at Xu Qing and sized him up. He even sniffed.

"There's something wrong with your body. You smell very good."

As he spoke, the one-eyed cultivator's gaze locked onto Xu Qing's neck. A dark glint flashed in his eyes as he lifted his hand and pointed.

"You have something there that looks delicious. Give it to me and I'll tell you the answer you want."

Ling'er trembled.

The one-eyed cultivator's gaze was fixed precisely on her location; there was no mistake.

Sensing Ling'er trembling, Xu Qing's gaze turned cold. He noticed that when the other party lifted his finger, the poison in the surroundings instantly enveloped him, looking like it was about to erupt. Hence, he calmly looked at the one-eyed cultivator.



The one-eyed cultivator's heart sank. The poison in the surroundings was spread by him. He had sensed the thing on the other party's neck earlier and thought that it was a treasure.

However, the combat strength of the person in front of him made him a little wary, so he had secretly scattered poison.

Returning at this moment, he had sensed that the poison was almost ready to erupt and was prepared to unleash it in one go. However, now that he had clearly released the triggering substance for the poison, his opponent was acting as if nothing was wrong.

This scene made the one-eyed cultivator feel that something was wrong. Hence, he took a few steps back before calmly speaking.

"Judging by your expression, this item seems to be very important to you. Very well, I've never been one to steal someone's cherished item. However, if you want the answers you seek, you'll have to pay a price to make a trade."

Xu Qing nodded and took a step forward. The cultivation base in his body erupted. 13 second-tribulation nascent souls erupted with the combat strength of 30 nascent souls.

The strength of this power, even for those who had advanced to the Nascent Soul stage with six heavenly palaces and gone through five tribulations to reach great circle of perfection, was far beyond their abilities.

Its immense power directly stirred up terrifying storms in the vicinity, crushing everything in its path and sending shockwaves.

The one-eyed cultivator's mind rumbled and his breathing hastened. His expression was one of horror as he cried out involuntarily.

"You, you, you!"

"What combat strength!!"

He could sense that Xu Qing was at the second tribulation and had more nascent souls than him. Although he was wary of Xu Qing, he wasn't afraid to begin with.

However, the failure of the poison made him feel uneasy.

At this moment, Xu Qing erupted. That terrifying aura was like a sudden to him, causing his whole body to tremble. His eyes held an expression of disbelief and incredulity.

He even felt a little dizzy and was in disbelief. As a rogue cultivator, he had never seen such a terrifying second tribulation Nascent Soul cultivators in his life.

"This is an old monster. He's definitely not at the second tribulation. He's just fishing!!"

The one-eyed cultivator's heart trembled as he retreated crazily. At that moment, his mind was filled with thoughts of how to survive. Hence, as he sped back, he waved his hand and a large number of spells formed, transforming into brown worms.

These worms had wings on their bodies and there were tens of thousands of them. As they rushed out from all directions, they each spat out threads, forming layers of large nets that enveloped Xu Qing.

There were also magic artifacts rushing out one after another. Some of them formed a protective barrier that spread throughout the one-eyed cultivator's body, some were flying swords, some were vases, and there were even spears.

There were all kinds of them and there were a lot of them. Clearly, they came from many people. At this moment, they were used together. Although their might was ordinary alone, with so many of them combined, they still had some might.

At the same time, a large number of pill bottles were thrown out and exploded one by one. They emitted dense poison powder that corroded everything and blocked Xu Qing.

As this person stepped forward, a vortex appeared on the mountain rocks on the ground and turned into silt. Brown vines rose and coiled toward Xu Qing.

He used all kinds of methods in an instant.

 However, it was still not enough.

In that instant, Xu Qing was like a shocking ferocious beast that brought with him an endless storm. The space seemed to explode as he rushed forward.

Before the vines under his feet could get close to Xu Qing, they trembled and shattered on their own. Under the terrifying fluctuations from Xu Qing's entire body, they couldn't exist at all.

As for the large nets spat out by those worms, it was the same. Under Xu Qing's aura that formed the shadow of the Golden Crow, they were all burned.

The flames followed the threads and reached all the worms.

Those brown worms let out mournful cries and all of them collapsed, turning into a rain of fire that scattered onto the ground. Even the one-eyed cultivator spat out a mouthful of blood with an extremely horrified expression.

"Senior, I was wrong, I was wrong!"

As he rapidly retreated, he wailed. The churning in his heart had long transformed into tempestuous waves that drowned his mind.

He never dreamed that he would encounter such a terrifying old monster on his first trip.

Moreover, the other party was clearly so strong but he was so polite earlier, creating an illusion for him. The most overboard thing was the concealment of his cultivation. This made him feel despair.

As he wailed, the seven to eight magic artifacts he took out also shattered. As for the poison powder…

To Xu Qing, the other party's level of poison concoction was too low.

In terms of the usage and understanding of poison, the two of them were just like a disciple and an old master.































































Xu Qing ignored everything and created a storm as he approached with a deafening roar. He raised his right hand, disregarding any attempts to dodge or defend. Amidst the shattered spells and crumbling magic artifacts, his hand reached for the one-eyed cultivator's neck.

The one-eyed cultivator roared and his seven third-tribulation nascent souls in his body erupted. He suddenly teleported backward, wanting to leave Xu Qing's side.

However, at this moment, a large number of heavenly devil bodies suddenly appeared from the void in all directions, forming a vortex that distorted the void here, interrupting the one-eyed cultivator's teleportation and slowing him down.

This slight delay was the difference between life and death.

In the blink of an eye, Xu Qing's right hand grabbed the one-eyed cultivator's neck. He didn't stop at all and pressed fiercely against the ground.

A rumbling sound echoed as the mountain rocks shattered, forming a huge pit.

The one-eyed cultivator's body was like a rag doll that was pressed down by Xu Qing. He lost all resistance and intense fear appeared in his eyes as he hurriedly spoke.

"Senior, please calm your anger! I was wrong! I know what Senior wants to ask. I know, I know everything!!"

Xu Qing's expression remained cold. He had always been someone who believed in non-aggression unless provoked. When a glint of killing intent flashed in his eyes, the one-eyed cultivator was so frightened that his mental state almost crumbled, and he quickly began to speak.

"Senior, don't you want to know about the Moon Rebel Hall?"



"The Red Moon isn't eternal; hope is what lasts forever."

Xu Qing coldly glanced at the one-eyed cultivator.

The one-eyed cultivator's heart trembled. In reality, the first time he saw Xu Qing, he could tell that the other party was an outsider. Most outsiders here were here to join the Moon Rebel Hall.

Of course, there were exceptions. However, in this life-and-death crisis, he couldn't care less. He had to make a Hail Mary effort and said the secret phrase. After that, he quickly observed Xu Qing's gaze. Unfortunately, he didn't see much from it.

However, he sensed that the other party didn't kill him immediately, so he hurriedly spoke.

"Senior, I'm a member of the Moon Rebel Hall. We're both on the same side. Do you want to join the Moon Rebel Hall too? I can help."

Xu Qing's gaze was still cold. If everyone in the Moon Rebel Hall was like this, he no longer felt as eager to join this organization.

"Senior, as long as you take out a mirror in the range of the Bitter Life Mountain Range, take out any mirror, and you just need to speak the secret phrase of our Moon Rebel Hall to the mirror. This will initiate the assessment of the Moon Rebel Hall."

"Once you pass the assessment, Senior, no matter where you are, as long as you have a mirror, you can instantly enter the Moon Rebel Hall!"

The one-eyed cultivator spoke with a trembling voice. However, after he finished speaking, he was shocked and sensed the loophole in his words. However, he could only brace himself and hope that Xu Qing didn't discover it.

"If that's the case, why did you escape earlier and not take out the mirror?" Xu Qing calmly asked.

One-eyed smiled bitterly and was even more wary of the person in front of him. This was a flaw in his anxious words earlier.

"Senior, I… I'm still in the assessment period and haven't passed…"

With that, he knew that the killing intent of the person in front of him hadn't decreased. In order to save his life, he hurriedly spoke.

"Senior, everything I said is true. My earlier actions were due to my blindness in one eye. I was wrong, Senior!"

This one-eyed cultivator was also a ruthless person. As he apologized, his body churned and a nascent soul directly spread out from the top of his head, shattering on its own in front of Xu Qing.

"Senior, I shattered a nascent soul to express my apology!"

The one-eyed cultivator trembled and blood flowed out of the corner of his mouth. His aura was much weaker.

Xu Qing frowned. He felt that it was a little wasteful and coldly spoke.

"Since such a simple method can establish a connection with the Moon Rebel Hall, why didn't the Red Moon Shrine seal this place?"

The one-eyed cultivator was stunned. These things were common knowledge but the other party actually didn't know. However, he didn't dare to think too much and hurriedly answered.

"Senior, there are a total of nine entrances to the Moon Rebel Hall in the entire Moon Worship Region. This is only one of them. The Red Moon Shrine has sealed it elsewhere in the past, but when it's sealed, the entrance will disappear and appear elsewhere."

"The entrance to the Moon Rebel Hall is random, so it's impossible to guard it effectively. It might be better to establish a fixed location for it, making it easier to monitor."

As the one-eyed cultivator spoke, he looked cautiously at Xu Qing, wearing an appeasing expression. His mind was entirely focused on how to stay alive. He noticed that Xu Qing's killing intent was still present, so he gritted his teeth and once again released a nascent soul.

It shattered in front of Xu Qing.

 "Senior… I shattered another one as an apology… I really know my mistake."

The one-eyed cultivator wailed inwardly and his face was pale. Two nascent souls shattering in a row was a heavy blow to him. His aura was extremely weak and he looked like he was on the verge of death. However, he still tried his best to show his sincerity.

This scene caused Ling'er's heart to soften a little. She then transmitted her voice to Xu Qing.

"Brother Xu Qing, this person is quite pitiful. Why don't you take a few more of his nascent souls and see if he's pretending? If he's not, just let him go painlessly."

Xu Qing agreed. Unless he couldn't do it, he didn't have the habit of letting people who attacked him get away.

Hence, before the one-eyed cultivator could continue speaking, his right hand suddenly transformed into bizarre nether state and penetrated the person's body. He directly took out the remaining five nascent souls and crushed them.

Amidst the rumbling, the five nascent souls dissipated. The heavenly mandates inside fused into Xu Qing's body but there were very few of them. However, the heavenly demon bodies they transformed into were even more baleful than before.

As for the one-eyed cultivator, he let out a piercing and agonizing scream. After losing all his nascent souls, he was already out of life.































































Seeing this, Xu Qing confirmed his sincerity and gave him a quick death.

He slit his neck.

With a wave of his hand, the one-eyed cultivator's body collapsed and turned into ashes.

The other party looked like a human but when Xu Qing attacked, he sensed that this person was a nonhuman. In reality, no matter what race he was from, it had nothing to do with life and death.

If Xu Qing's cultivation was weak, he would be the one in this tragic state. Ling'er would also be snatched away and her outcome would be even more miserable.

After dealing with it, Xu Qing picked up the storage bag and left this place.

At the same time, in a cave a few hundred kilometers away from the place where the two of them were fighting, an old man was sitting cross-legged.

The attire of this old man also covered his entire body, but his face was exposed, filled with wrinkles.

At that moment, he suddenly opened his eyes and spat out a large mouthful of blood. His body swayed, and he reached out to grab a nearby rock. He felt suffocated and couldn't hold back spewing out blood again.

After spewing seven or eight times in a row, his body trembled, and his eyes revealed an intense and utmost fear. He swiftly turned his head to look into the distance.

"I've finally escaped this calamity. It's just that the price is too great… That tethered body of mine…"



The old man wore a bitter expression. As a member of the Tether Race, he possessed the innate ability to refine the enemies he killed into mummies, filling them with his flesh and blood. After refining them, they would become a special tethered body of his race.

This tethered body was similar to a clone but more agile and extremely difficult to discern.

On regular days, he had gained quite a lot through this method.

This was his reliance, and in the past, when he encountered formidable opponents, he would escape in this manner. However, the tethered body he sacrificed this time was his primary one, intricately linked to his consciousness. The death of his tethered body had inflicted serious injury upon him.

At that moment, his internal organs were all shattered.

In addition, he felt that the person he encountered today was different from the experts he had faced in the past. The feeling of fear and trepidation was incomparably intense.

"No, with that person's shrewdness, there's still a chance that he discerned something."

The old man's heart palpitated. He gritted his teeth and rushed out while enduring the heavy injuries. He didn't dare to stay here and fled into the distance. He also used various methods to hide.

Two hours after he fled, Xu Qing's figure arrived outside this cave. The shadow entered first. After the shadow checked the interior, Xu Qing walked in and stared at the blood on the ground.

Previously, when he left after killing, he felt that something was amiss. The other party's nascent souls contained too little heavenly mandates and the baleful aura of the heavenly demon bodies the nascent souls transformed into was too dense.

This reminded him of the other party's messy magic artifacts and the matter of turning someone into a dried corpse and sealing the nascent souls. Hence, Xu Qing suspected that the person he killed might not be his main body.

After all, there were so many races with all kinds of innate talents. Anything could happen. Hence, Xu Qing spread out his perception all the way and used the other party's heavenly demon bodies to find this place.

"He fled quite quickly."

Xu Qing walked out of the cave abode and coldly looked in all directions. The other party's tracks had clearly been hidden many times, especially since the green wind obscured everything. Even the heavenly demon bodies couldn't sense him again.

"Consider him lucky. I'll finish him next time," Xu Qing turned and headed for the distance. After leaving the area, he found a mountain nook, checked that it was clear, and a contemplative expression crossed his face.

He pondered the truthfulness of what the other had said. From a logical standpoint, the most crucial elements for the other person at the time were self-preservation and the secrecy of his primary body's existence.

In situations like this, the typical choice is to tell the truth to keep the secret hidden. If it was a lie and it was suspected, it could lead to suspicions about everything else.

"Therefore, there's a high chance that it's true. I can give it a try!"

Xu Qing's gaze was filled with determination as he took out a mirror.

After killing the Mirror Image Race, he had retained some mirrors of the cultivators he had killed. He was originally going to research them, but at this moment, he took one out and began to try it according to the method the one-eyed cultivator had mentioned.

"The Red Moon isn't eternal; hope is what lasts forever."

Almost at the instant Xu Qing's voice rang out, the mirror in his hand suddenly trembled. A will as vast as the sky echoed in Xu Qing's mind.































































On the vast expanse of the Green Hair Desert, the howling wind swept across the heavens and earth. The sea of greenish sand stretched endlessly, as if there would be no end to it, and the world remained boundless, the sand and wind unceasing.

Only on the mountains, for reasons unknown, was the wind and sand less severe, making the surroundings relatively clearer.

From afar, the mountain peaks that stood in the desert looked like otherworldly places.

This was especially so for the Bitter Life Mountain Range. It was majestic and unhindered, so there were even fewer sandstorms here.

However, the whimpering sounds from the wind continued to ring out from all directions. It was as though there were countless demons and monsters hiding in the sandstorm, letting out roars that weren't willing to be buried. They also entered Xu Qing's ears.

The mountain cave Xu Qing chose was located in the depths of the Bitter Life Mountain Range. Its location was relatively hidden. The moment he opened the mirror, the shadow had already spread out, protecting him from the surroundings.

This quick-wittedness caused the vigilance in the Diamond Sect's ancestor's heart to intensify. Hence, he flew out and protected his master loyally.

It was as though as long as there was any abnormality, it would rush out without hesitation. Even if it was crushed to pieces, it had to prove its loyalty.

Ling'er also revealed her head. Her eyes revealed a white light as she became vigilant.

Under their protection, Xu Qing, who was sitting cross-legged and meditating, gradually had a solemn expression on his face. He could sense the level of will contained in the mirror. It was like he was looking at the starry sky.

It was vast and endless.



D132 also shook in his sea of consciousness. The god's finger instantly opened Its eyes, revealing surprise. After that, It quickly hid.

The mirror itself also gathered its might at this instant and floated in front of him, flickering with a faint light.

At the same time, a voice that seemed to come from the distant void formed words as this will echoed, replacing the whistling of the wind and echoing in Xu Qing's sea of consciousness.

"Supreme Star, ever-changing without pause, scrutinizing evil and binding illusions, protecting life and body."

"Wisdom and clarity, a peaceful heart core. Three souls eternally, the spirit remains steadfast."

The voice had an ethereal quality, making it difficult to discern whether it belonged to a man or a woman. It seemed to be a fusion of all sentient beings' voices. However, as Xu Qing's consciousness fluctuated, it strangely brought him a sense of tranquility.

It was as though these words contained the power to cleanse one's heart.

In this moment, Xu Qing's heart was exceptionally calm, and the spiritual platform was ethereal, while his sea of consciousness was serene.

It was as though a long time had passed or it was just an instant. The lingering sound of the ethereal voice continued to echo. It clearly still transmitted those words but in Xu Qing's understanding, they had transformed into other meanings.

This was because there were two words inside that became especially clear.

"…Scrutinizing… core…"

Xu Qing didn't act rashly and sensed it carefully.

Gradually, he had a clear premonition. He understood that as long as he completely immersed his mind into these two words, an unknown assessment would begin.

Xu Qing fell silent and didn't continue.

On one hand, the environment here wasn't suitable for him to proceed immediately. On the other hand, Xu Qing felt that he hadn't completely understood the specifics of this assessment.

Hence, he grabbed the mirror in front of him, cutting off the connection between them.

At the next instant, that sense of peace dissipated. Xu Qing lifted his head and the whimpering of the wind from outside entered his ears again.

Ling'er hurriedly turned to look at Xu Qing.

"Brother Xu Qing, how was it? Did you succeed?"

Xu Qing gently stroked Ling'er's head. A look of contemplation appeared in his eyes as he calmly spoke.

"The method should be correct but I still need some time to verify it."

Ling'er put her mind at ease and observed Xu Qing deep in thought. She didn't disturb him and obediently returned to his collar, finding a comfortable spot. She coiled up in a circle, feeling Xu Qing's body warmth, and in her heart, there was unparalleled tranquility.

It seemed that for her, Xu Qing's warmth was the source of all tranquility.

After a while, Xu Qing's eyes showed determination. He decided to find a place to settle down in the Bitter Life Mountain Range. There, he would explore the mirror's assessment and study the curse.

 If he was alone, he would choose to open a cave and live alone, isolated from the world.

However, with Ling'er around… Xu Qing thought for a moment and decided to find a nearby earth city to settle in. He didn't want Ling'er to endure the loneliness of being separated from the world while keeping him company.

With this thought in mind, Xu Qing left the mountain cave and walked in the Bitter Life Mountain Range. Finally, on a mountain at the periphery, he chose a relatively small earth city.

This city built on the mountainside had no name and only had about a thousand residents. The buildings inside were mostly made of sand and didn't have much color. It was very monotonous.

Most of the people here were locals, and the rest were outsiders who came for various reasons. There were people from all races.

Although there were some shops in the city, their business was ordinary and there were fewer customers.

At a glance, 30% of the houses were empty.

Clearly, the people inside had either left or died.

Xu Qing's first impression of this earth city was bleakness and silence.

However, compared to other places, this small city was more tolerant. Although Xu Qing's arrival also attracted a lot of hostile attention, no one came to stop him.

At that moment, Xu Qing, who was walking in the small city and was covered in a robe with only his eyes exposed, noticed that among the residents of this city, there were some individuals with deformities.

These people had oversized bodies with rolls of excess flesh, whether on their arms or thighs. Some of them had multiple limbs, and there were even cases where additional faces grew on their excess flesh.































































Some of them had growths that extended half a yard long, trailing behind them, making it difficult for their robes to fully cover them.

It was as though many people had fused together or their bodies had mutated and their expressions were numb.

At first, Xu Qing thought that they belonged to an unfamiliar nonhuman race, but upon closer observation, he realized that this was not the case.

"The deformities of these people should have been formed after birth."

Xu Qing, deep in thought, felt the eerie atmosphere of the desert grow even more peculiar. In the end, he walked around the small city, found an uninhabited house, and entered it.

The house was covered in dust and there were many crushed bottles and cans on the ground. There were also crooked shelves in the surroundings. It looked like it used to be an apothecary.

Looking at the mess, Xu Qing waved his hand to tidy up, and Ling'er also took on a visible form, curiously observing the surroundings. She helped with the cleanup while expressing excitement.

"Brother Xu Qing, are you going to open an apothecary here?"

Xu Qing thought about it and nodded with a smile. He recalled the first time he saw Ling'er. She and her father had opened an inn on Panquan Road.

For Xu Qing, whether it was for living or opening an apothecary, it didn't make much of a difference. Since Ling'er had suggested it, he decided to go ahead and open one.

"That's great! Brother Xu Qing, let me tell you, I have experience in running a shop. I can handle it."



Ling'er was jubilant, her eyes shining brightly. After tidying up the dust and debris around the place, she took out a cloth and began wiping down the area.

There were clearly spells that could be used to clean but Ling'er seemed to prefer to do it herself. When Xu Qing saw this, he could sense Ling'er's joy and sighed with emotion.

On his way here, Xu Qing had a deeper understanding of Ling'er's innocence. She was smart but also simple, often finding happiness in simple things that could brighten her spirits for days.

Under Ling'er's management, this long-abandoned small apothecary reopened in the small town the following morning.

The apothecary's name, 'Green Spirit Hall,' was chosen by Ling'er.

As for the medicinal pills, Xu Qing had a lot on him, especially the white pills.

After all, this was the first pill formula he had mastered. Although he didn't need it, this pill was a common necessity for the beings of this world.

Moreover, when he was in Fenghai County, he had studied Bai Xiaozhuo's medicinal pills and gained some insights.

Although Bai Xiaozhuo had added poison to the modified white pills, in terms of the quality and effects of the new white pills, it was indeed a blessing that could greatly enhance the degree of purification.

Hence, Xu Qing and Ling'er's small apothecary mainly sold white pills.

After transforming, Ling'er concealed her appearance and took on the role of an ugly girl, excitedly performing the duties of a shop assistant. However, there were not many residents in the small city, and the shop had just opened, so there were only a few customers.

But this didn't affect Ling'er's happiness.

Seeing that Ling'er was so eager, Xu Qing let her play. After he planted the seed given by the captain, he began his cultivation and research at the rear of the apothecary.

On one hand, he was trying to activate the mirror, observing and exploring it carefully. On the other hand, he was researching the curses within the bodies of the ferocious beasts he had captured along the way.

Time slowly passed.

At the start, no one was interested in their apothecary. However, now and then, a few customers would come to buy white pills. This was mainly because the prices were low and the medicinal effects were good.

The opening of the pharmacy gave even more enthusiasm to Ling'er, as she was like a little enthusiast calculating the daily income in spirit coins. She even took out a small book to keep accounts diligently.

At times when Xu Qing finished his practice, looking at Ling'er meticulously keeping accounts, a sense of peace would also rise in his heart.

Ever since he lived in firefly city, Xu Qing discovered that he was getting more and more used to this peaceful life. The peace brought about by this life caused him to have a faint change in his state of mind.

Xu Qing couldn't explain the exact changes but he enjoyed it very much and was also immersed in it.

Hence, he spent more time on exploration and research.

The exploration of the mirror went very smoothly, but the research of the curse was progressing slowly.

During this period, Xu Qing fused his Purple Moon power into the bodies of those ferocious beasts many times in an attempt to suppress the curse. However, the effect was very poor and all of them failed.

Just like now, Xu Qing stared at a trembling scorpion in front of him.

 His hand pressed on the scorpion's body. As the power of the Purple Moon fused into it, the color of the scorpion changed from brown to purple. At the same time, Xu Qing also felt the curse in the scorpion's body.

The curse of the Moon Worship Region affected all living beings. Its method of existence was to fuse with their bloodlines and it was difficult to separate them. Once it erupted, it would turn all living beings into black water in a short period of time.

After Xu Qing's Purple Moon power came into contact with the curse, it would instantly erupt from its dormant state.

It seemed to come alive and wanted to absorb Xu Qing's Purple Moon power.

It was as though Xu Qing's Purple Moon power had an extremely strong attraction to curses.

After these repeated attempts, Xu Qing understood that if the amount of Purple Moon power he sent in wasn't enough, it would quickly be devoured and assimilated by the curse. After that, the ferocious beasts that were experimental subjects would instantly erupt with the curse and turn into blood.

The entire process was irreversible.

However, if Xu Qing increased the intensity, sending his Purple Moon energy more forcefully to suppress it, then after reaching a certain point, the curse would still erupt.

However, there was a slight difference in the outcome. In this case, the experimental subjects who died would not turn into blood but would instead transform into a pile of black ashes.































































"It's like a kind of combustion."

Xu Qing watched as the scorpion in front of him instantly turned into black ashes that scattered to the ground. He frowned and fell silent.

He had studied this black ash before but it was useless. It gave Xu Qing the feeling that after the curse was suppressed, it chose to perish together with its bloodline.

"It will require more experimentation, as well as different species."

Xu Qing fell into deep thought. He took out the other ferocious beasts the shadow had captured on the way and continued to study them.

Days passed just like that.

There were also disputes in the small city, but since his arrival, Xu Qing had never ventured outside, keeping himself isolated from such trivial matters.

As time passed, the seed he planted gradually sprouted and became a green seedling.

This little seedling was peculiar, seeming to possess some form of sentience. When Xu Qing approached it, it would instinctively tremble.

When Ling'er got close, it would sway and twist its body, which would elicit joyful laughter from Ling'er, causing the seedling to put in even more effort.

The Diamond Sect's ancestor shouldered the mission of guarding. He hung on the roof beam and was always looking at the entrance.

And the shadow…



It was very unconvinced by the little seedling's actions of currying favor with Ling'er. There were a few times when it suddenly appeared beside the little seedling when Ling'er and Xu Qing weren't paying attention and gave it a deathly stare.

Every time this happened, Xiaomiao[1] would curl up and not dare to move at all.

However, the shadow didn't do this often. It also had other missions. Occasionally, it would have to head out and leave the small city to capture ferocious beasts for Xu Qing in the Bitter Life Mountain Range and the Green Hair Desert.

This allowed Xu Qing's research to continue without interruption.

And every time it returned, it would also bring back some insights and knowledge about the area and convey emotional fluctuations to Xu Qing.

At this moment, the role of the Diamond Sect's ancestor became apparent.

He would act as a translator at the side to explain the shadow's words. However, he would occasionally add in his own words and set traps for the shadow.

Although the shadow had grown quite a bit, it was still a little tender in the end. There were still two to three times out of ten where it didn't notice the traps.

Xu Qing didn't care much about this. He was already used to the conflict between these two fellows.

Through the shadow and the Diamond Sect's ancestor, his understanding of this Green Hair Desert deepened.

For example, Xu Qing knew the reason why the earth cities were built on mountains.

That was because there were many bizarre entities in the desert, and any one of them could easily destroy a small city.

Only on the mountain would it be much safer.

Additionally, there would be various illusions appearing in the desert periodically, sometimes an oasis, sometimes a city in the sky, and at times, even otherworldly realms.

They would move, and wherever they passed, death would fill the air.

As long as one entered these illusions, it would be very difficult for them to come out alive. After the illusions disappeared, only bones with flesh and blood eaten clean were left on the ground.

In addition, regarding the huge mushrooms Xu Qing had seen on the way, the news brought by the shadow also described that it had seen the giant mushroom standing up from the desert.

Under the mushrooms, there were countless roots that formed human-like shapes and moved across the desert, pursuing the illusions.

These weren't the most terrifying things in the Green Hair Desert. Under the shadow's description and inquiries, Xu Qing understood that the color of the wind in this desert wasn't fixed.

When the green-colored wind turned white, then all living beings in the desert had to seek refuge in the nearest mountain as quickly as possible.

If not, they would face a dire situation, and only the peaks in this area could provide shelter from the sandstorms.

In the long passage of time, the white wind appeared quite a few times, and occasionally, there were survivors who managed to escape to the nearby mountains to avoid death within the white wind.

However, these people who escaped would undergo a common change.

 Their bodies would become deformed and extremely ugly, and this condition would also be passed down to their descendants, without change.

This reminded Xu Qing of those deformed people in the small city.

In addition, other than the white wind, there was also the black wind in the Green Hair Desert. However, it hadn't appeared for hundreds of years but the rumors about the black wind still existed.

Once the black wind appeared, all living beings in the Green Hair Desert would have a slim chance of survival. Even if they hid on the mountain, there would still be danger.

However, in the Moon Worship Region, places that weren't dangerous were rare, and compared to the constant dangers of the outside world, the occurrence of the black wind once every few centuries didn't seem like a significant threat.

However, there was still one more color, gray.

The gray wind was just a legend, and it was something that Xu Qing had learned about from an old man who had come to buy medicinal pills. This kind of wind had only appeared once in the history of the Green Hair Desert.

It had been too long since then, so no one knew exactly what would happen.

This information allowed Xu Qing to have a deeper understanding of this desert. At the same time, during this period of time, other than studying the curse, he also activated the mirror many times.

Through his repeated explorations, he gained a clearer understanding of the assessment of the Moon Rebel Hall.

"That one-eyed cultivator wasn't lying about this. Any mirror in the range of the Bitter Life Mountain Range is the entrance to Moon Rebel Hall."

"At the same time, it's also the method to activate the assessment."

"Only by passing the assessment can one enter the Moon Rebel Hall."

Xu Qing sat cross-legged in the house. His gaze landed on the mirror in front of him and determination appeared in his eyes.

His understanding during this period of time allowed him to know that there were a total of three tests to pass in order to join the Moon Rebel Hall.

[1] It means little seedling.































































The first test was a sacrifice.

This was actually a sign of allegiance, where everyone who wanted to join the Moon Rebel Hall had to kill two Red Moon Shrine cultivators who were at the same realm as themselves.

Only by sending the corpses they killed into the mirror would they be considered to have completed the first test.

Xu Qing could understand this. The first task of this assessment was intended to assess the strength of the participants and also included guarding against the outside world.

This method made it so that if someone from the Red Moon Shrine wanted to infiltrate, they had to pay a price.

The higher one's cultivation was, the greater the price they had to pay.

Moreover, this was only the first test. After paying the price, if they couldn't pass the subsequent tests, everything would be in vain.

Hence, this test was ranked at the front.

As for the second test to join the Moon Rebel Hall, it was faith.

Xu Qing didn't know about the third test. He planned to complete the allegiance first.

With this thought in mind, Xu Qing looked at the dim sky outside. Determination appeared in his eyes. He kept the mirror in front of him and left the medicinal shop.



His target wasn't the Red Moon Shrine in the Bitter Life Mountain Range.

To be able to build a branch here, Xu Qing was very clear that he couldn't underestimate it.

After all, if one wanted to join the Moon Rebel Hall, they had to complete the pledge of allegiance. In other words, all those who wanted to join would instinctively place their gazes on the temple.

As such, as long as they weren't a fool, the temple wouldn't let its guard down. According to Xu Qing's understanding of the temple after coming into contact with it a few times, he felt that the temple was more likely fishing for opportunities here.

Of course, everyone had different ideas, and Xu Qing thought that those who wanted to join the Moon Rebel Hall were probably not foolish. Therefore, there was a high probability that they would choose to ambush temple cultivators outside the desert in other areas.

However, Xu Qing didn't want to take the risk.

At that moment, he wore the immortal art mask and activated the bizarre nether transformation to completely conceal himself. He left the mountain range and went to the desert to search for ferocious beasts that matched his cultivation.

Just like that, days passed.

The cultivation levels of the ferocious beasts in the green sand desert varied. During the time the shadow hunted for Xu Qing, it also marked some dangerous places. Hence, Xu Qing's target was very clear.

Two days later, a deafening roar rang out from the quicksand in the green sand desert. The surrounding magical fluctuations reverberated as a massive red worm burst from the ground. Its entire body emitted a spiritual energy aura comparable to that of a Nascent Soul stage cultivator, yet it wailed loudly.

Xu Qing moved rapidly through the sand and caught up to it. He raised his right hand and pressed down forcefully, causing the red worm's body to collapse by nearly half. It fell to the ground, gasping for breath.

Xu Qing put it away and continued forward.

Five days later, a huge scorpion that was hundreds of feet long fled rapidly on the ground, while a figure continued to pursue it. A while later, as countless heavenly demon bodies descended, the scorpion let out a sharp screech. It wanted to rush out but couldn't do so and was caught by the figure behind it.

After about fifteen minutes, everything calmed down. Xu Qing walked out of the green wind and returned to the Bitter Life Mountain Range.

After a day and a half, he returned to the earth city's apothecary. Everything was as usual, but Ling'er was somewhat concerned about his absence. When she saw that Xu Qing returned, she breathed a sigh of relief, and her face lit up with a smile.

Xu Qing gently patted Ling-er's head, then went to the back room. There, he sat cross-legged and activated an isolation formation. Placing the mirror in front of him, he took a deep breath and a determined look filled his eyes.

He didn't want to take the risk of ambushing the temple cultivators. Once this matter was exposed, it would cause a lot of trouble.

So he planned to pull a fast one and use his own methods to create 'shrine' cultivators, in order to deceive the assessment of the Moon Rebel Hall. This was the reason he had spent so much time researching.

"I've investigated multiple times, and this assessment is a mechanism, not controlled by humans. So I should be able to succeed, but my power will trigger the curse, so I have to act quickly."

Xu Qing blinked, and with a wave of his hand, took out the scorpion and red worm he had captured. He quickly bestowed them with his Purple Moon power.

Just like how he had blessed Muye back then, the two ferocious beasts' bodies instantly trembled and purple marks appeared on their bodies. At the next instant, their curses were activated.

Before the curse erupted, Xu Qing threw the two ferocious beasts into the mirror.

Although the mirror was very small and they were very large, the instant they came into contact, the mirror emitted a huge suction force that actually sucked in the two ferocious beasts.

Xu Qing took a few steps back. Although he had some confidence in his method after continuous exploration and research, it concerned success or failure at this moment, so he couldn't help but feel a bit nervous as he gazed at the mirror.

 The mirror suddenly trembled in the air. The light on it flickered rapidly, as though it was judging.

This lasted for dozens of breaths. Just as Xu Qing's tension was growing, a vast will spread from the mirror.

"Passed!"

Xu Qing heaved a long sigh of relief.

Actually, he didn't want to use such a trick. It was really very dangerous to ambush the Red Moon Shrine. The possibility of the other party baiting was very high.

If he didn't handle it well, it would cause endless troubles. It wouldn't be beneficial to his original intention of preparing to research in peace.

If he left the Green Hair Desert and went elsewhere, the round trip would take at least half a year. Hence, in comparison, it was naturally the best choice for him to personally make dependents.

"I relied on my own ability to pass this first test. It can't be considered cheating."

Xu Qing mumbled inwardly. After recalling his master's education, he felt that his actions were correct.































































As Xu Qing contemplated this, he felt that it made sense. After all, these were the teachings of his master, and his master couldn't be wrong.

Xu Qing sighed in relief, and his heart quickly became incredibly calm. His gaze was now clear and bright.

He faced the vast will emitted by the mirror with a clear conscience.

His heart was calm.

The mirror shimmered with a faint light, and there seemed to be some curse energy seeping out from the surface, as if it was being expelled.

Xu Qing swept his gaze over but he was still calm.

Very soon, after the mirror finished expelling the curse, its light dimmed a little. However, the will inside still spread out, informing Xu Qing of the content of the second test.

"Faith."

Xu Qing mumbled. During his exploration of the Moon Rebel Hall's assessment earlier, he knew the content of this second segment.

To the cultivators in the Moon Worship Region, 99% of them wouldn't have much of a problem with this second test of faith. The main purpose of this test was to screen out the Red Moon Shrine cultivators who had sneaked in.

As long as one believed in the Red Moon and contained the Red Moon's blessing in their body, it was impossible for them to pass this stage.

Xu Qing sighed.

He was well aware that if he could pass the first test in his own way, it meant that the difficulty of the second test would be incredibly high for him.



"It means that the Moon Rebel Hall can't distinguish Purple Moon from Red Moon…"

This was understandable. After all, regardless of whether it was the Purple Moon or the Red Moon, they both had the same authority. It was just that their ownership was different. However, to Xu Qing, this was a paradox that gave him a headache.

He clearly didn't have faith in the Red Moon, but the Purple Moon power in his body would most likely lead to him being categorized as a Red Moon follower, and he might even be mistaken for a divine son.

"I have to think of another way to pass this test."

Xu Qing didn't dare to rashly try but he didn't give up. During the exploration in the past few days, he had recalled his master's style of doing things many times and already had some ideas in his heart. However, he still needed to carefully analyze them.

Just like that, days passed.

The shadow still occasionally went out to hunt for Xu Qing. The Diamond Sect's ancestor was also working hard. He hung on the beam and stared at every customer who entered the shop.

As for the grass seedling, it was growing healthily and swayed every day as though it was dancing.

Ling'er's mood was getting better and better day by day because the time she spent recording the accounts had increased.

As time passed and the white pills continued to be sold, their small apothecary gradually gained some reputation. Hence, the number of customers who came to buy the pills naturally increased.

This caused the Diamond Sect's ancestor to be even more vigilant. However, he didn't have anyone to make an example of. Most of the cultivators who came to buy medicinal pills were at the Qi Condensation Realm and Foundation Building cultivators were rare.

After all, Qi Condensation cultivators had the greatest need for white pills. Although high-level cultivators appeared in the small city, many of them were rogue cultivators who lived alone in the Bitter Life Mountain Range and only came to make purchases from time to time.

They had other channels to obtain the white pills, so they didn't fancy this ordinary small apothecary.

As for factions, the Bitter Life Mountain Range was a bit chaotic, with numerous small and large factions existing in various forms, often based on race or small groups. The low-level cultivators within these factions, as well as the residents of the small town, constituted the primary customer base for the small apothecary.

For example, at this moment, a human youth walked into the apothecary.

This youth wore a large robe and his cultivation level was at the fifth level of Qi Condensation. He hailed from a nearby medium-sized faction and had come here to purchase the pills after hearing from a friend who had bought them from this place before.

The moment he entered the apothecary, he warily swept his gaze across his surroundings. The first thing he saw was the ugly girl behind the counter with her head lowered as she recorded the accounts. After confirming that there was no danger, he quickly walked to the counter.

"I want ten white pills!"

The youth spoke in a low voice and took out 10 spirit coins, placing them on the counter.

Ling'er's eyes lit up and she quickly picked up the spirit coins. After checking them carefully one by one, she kept them satisfied and handed him a pouch.

"Come again next time," Ling'er said with a smile.

The youth took the pouch and opened it to take a closer look. He discovered that the white pills here were indeed as his companion had said. They were different from other places and didn't contain any impurities.

 Hence, he took out one and swallowed it. Ten breaths later, when he opened his eyes, he was covered in sweat and his expression was a little moved.

"The medicinal effects are so good?" The youth was shocked and took a few steps back. Just as he was about to leave, he hesitated for a moment and turned to look at Ling'er.

Ling'er smiled and looked over.

"Sir, is there anything else?"

The youth hesitated for a moment. Due to the effects of the white pills, his attitude became a little more respectful as he spoke in a low voice.

"Do you have any antidotes here?"

"I've been experiencing a strange issue in my recent cultivation sessions. I can't help but spit out foul-smelling black blood, and I've been having occasional sharp pains in the area around my heart. Sometimes, these pains disrupt my meditation."

"I suspect that I've been poisoned."

Ling'er's gaze swept over and she was about to speak when the youth hurriedly spoke.

"I still have one spirit stone!"

Ling'er blinked and turned to look at the back room.

"Brother, there's a big customer!"

In the back room, Xu Qing opened his eyes.

Faced with Ling'er's mischievousness, he couldn't help but smile. He knew that Ling'er was showing her compassion, so he got up and walked out.

The instant he saw Xu Qing, the youth instinctively retreated, his expression filled with vigilance.

He felt a bit uneasy in the presence of this young man, but couldn't pinpoint the source of his discomfort. The young man didn't emanate any aura of cultivation, and he appeared to be just an ordinary person.

However, the likelihood of someone being ordinary, running a shop in this location, and having such remarkable quality of pills was almost nonexistent.































































Xu Qing didn't pay much attention to the youth's vigilance; he just glanced and noticed the issues with the youth's condition.

The other party was indeed poisoned and Xu Qing had encountered this poison before.

It was the one-eyed cultivator's poison. However, it was much diluted and hadn't erupted yet.

However, the young man's weak constitution had caused an early reaction.

Xu Qing had always remembered the one-eyed cultivator's escape. Now that he sensed this poison, he became a little interested. Hence, he threw out an antidote pill.

"Go back, prepare a wooden bucket of water, get nine drops of morning dew, then swallow this antidote, and immerse yourself in the bucket, meditating for an hour."

"When the water turns completely black, it means your poison has been cured."

The young man took the pill, somewhat skeptical, but still gave a spirit stone to Ling'er before quickly leaving.

Ling'er kept the spirit stone and smiled sweetly at Xu Qing.

Xu Qing shook his head and returned to the back room to continue dissecting the cursed ferocious beasts. As he studied the curse, he also analyzed the method to enter the Moon Rebel Hall.

However, a strand of his divine consciousness had been left on the young man, without any effect. But if the one-eyed cultivator appeared near him, Xu Qing could instantly sense it.

Just like that, half a month passed while Xu Qing was exploring and studying.

Xu Qing and Ling'er's small apothecary had been open here for almost two months. The medicinal effects of the white pills and the low price caused Green Spirit Hall to gain some fame.



Hence, the number of customers who came to buy the pills increased, and there were even days when dozens of people would visit the shop. This attracted the attention of many in the small city and also drew the interest of some nearby minor factions..

Sometimes, when one sought tranquility, disturbances arose. Once anything became well-known, trouble tended to follow.

This logic was the same no matter where it was.

It was especially prominent in this chaotic place with different factions. At noon, an uninvited guest arrived at the apothecary.

This was a nonhuman cultivator at the perfected Qi Condensation Realm. He wore a black robe and had a skull hanging on his chest.

The instant he walked into the apothecary, he circulated his cultivation base, forming an energy fluctuation that enveloped the apothecary. He even kicked away a chair in front of him.

Amidst the crashing sounds, the chair hit the counter and shattered into pieces.

A corner of the counter was also broken. Ling'er, who was recording the accounts behind, looked up and frowned slightly.

"Starting today, you will deliver three hundred white pills to the Skull Union every month. Did you hear me clearly? I'm only saying this once!" The cultivator at the peak of the Qi Condensation stage slapped the counter with a loud bang, speaking in a cold tone.

He wasn't alone. There were four other people guarding outside the apothecary. They were all dressed in the same style.

When the pedestrians on the streets saw this scene, they noticed the characteristics of these people's attires and left hurriedly.

"It's the Skull Union!"

"This group is ruthless. Previously, I heard that a shop in a small city provoked them and they rushed in at night and killed their entire family."

"Their leader is a perfected Foundation Building cultivator. Sigh, they don't dare to provoke experts, so they came to bully us poor people."

Ling'er didn't say anything. The Diamond Sect's ancestor, who was hanging on the beam, trembled excitedly.

After such a long time, there was finally someone who had a death wish. This also allowed him to find an opportunity to showcase himself.

Just as he was about to fly over and pierce a few holes through the other party's body, he had no choice but to stop at the next instant because Ling'er wouldn't let him.

Ling'er's small face turned pale as though she was frightened. She hurriedly took out a bag and placed it in front of her, nodding repeatedly.

"Alright, alright. We'll give it to you."

Seeing that it went so smoothly, the perfected Qi Condensation cultivator sneered. They often did such things and would investigate in advance every time to confirm that they wouldn't encounter a tough opponent before extorting.

They had been watching this apothecary for half a month and came here today mainly to probe. However, they didn't expect it to be so successful. He glared at Ling'er and took the bag over. He weighed it in his hand and calmly spoke.

"At least you know your place!"

 With that, he turned and left proudly.

After they left, the panic on Ling'er's face dissipated. As she calculated the bill, she spoke as though nothing had happened.

"You Lingzi."

At the thought of this, the Diamond Sect's ancestor tried to salvage the situation.

"It's not good to kill here. It will affect the business. Tonight, go to their place and silently kill them all. Remember to bring the medicinal pills when you return. Not a single one can be missing. Also, if they have anything valuable, bring them back too."

"It's a pity that Little Shadow isn't back yet. I can only let you handle this matter."

Ling'er calmly spoke.

The Diamond Sect's ancestor quickly glanced at the back room and then at Ling'er. He now had a better understanding of this little girl.

He thought to himself that this madam wasn't as harmless as she looked on the surface. When facing the one-eyed cultivator before, she had spoken with a tone of leniency and offered to give him a quick death. It had caught him off guard.

He hurriedly spoke.

"Madam, I promise to complete the mission!"

Ling'er smiled, tidied up the broken chair on the ground, and then added a sentence.

"Oh right, remember to bring back three more chairs."

The Diamond Sect's ancestor blinked and hurriedly agreed.

"Mm, let me think. You can capture a few of their heads and bring them for Brother Xu Qing to study."

Ling'er reminded again.

Xu Qing lifted his head in the back room, his gaze moving away from the half-dissected Golden Core scorpion in front of him. He looked towards the outside, feeling a warmth in his heart due to Ling'er's thoughtfulness.































































He was indeed getting a bit tired of studying ferocious beasts.

The large scorpion in front of Xu Qing had not yet died. Its eyes revealed fear and despair. In its perception, the human in front of it was incredibly terrifying. Moreover, it was being dissected while still alive.

The fluctuations here were all hidden and couldn't be sensed by the outside world.

Otherwise, that perfected Qi Condensation Skull Union cultivator would definitely be so frightened that he would go limp and regret entering this place.

"It's time to study the curse in these cultivators' bodies." Xu Qing mumbled inwardly. He then crushed the scorpion's head, ending its life.

At night, under the dim, dark sky, a black streak shot out from the apothecary, moving at astonishing speed. It was none other than the Diamond Sect's ancestor.

He controlled the god's fish bone and headed straight for the small faction where the person who came during the day was from.

"Little Shadow is usually silly, but it made the right move by pleasing the lady…"

"I made a mistake on this matter. Initially, I didn't realize that the little girl, who seemed innocent and carefree, actually had a heart as dark as the malignant star."

"In the books, such a lady isn't someone to be trifled with."

"Little Shadow has gained a backer and has become arrogant recently."

The Diamond Sect's ancestor recalled the scenes about Ling'er and increasingly felt that the other party wasn't as simple as she looked. Hence, he made up his mind that he had to please her more in the future.

"However, I lost the initiative… It's fine. After we return to Fenghai County, I'll curry favor with another madam."



"This way, if the malignant star doesn't like me one day, I'll have a life-saving trump card."

The Diamond Sect's ancestor had a myriad of thoughts as he moved through the air and quickly left the earth city, arriving at the location of the small faction in the vicinity.

However, before he could get close, his expression changed slightly as he sensed the smell of blood.

The Diamond Sect's ancestor exclaimed inwardly. Although the other party could be killed in an instant in his eyes, he still remained cautious. He hid his tracks and slowly approached. After circling around, he saw corpses everywhere.

The cultivators of this small faction had already been slaughtered without a single survivor. All the items inside had also been looted.

"From the looks of it, the time of death was an hour ago. Moreover, the person who attacked was at least a Golden Core cultivator. After he arrived, he quickly killed them…"

The Diamond Sect's ancestor thought about it and turned to leave. After returning to the apothecary, he immediately reported everything he saw and his analysis to Ling'er and Xu Qing.

Ling'er was surprised and Xu Qing fell into deep thought. The possibility of this matter being a coincidence wasn't high. On the contrary, he felt that it was intentional.

The answer appeared the next day.

In the morning, before the apothecary opened, two people were waiting outside respectfully.

The moment Ling'er opened the door, the two of them bowed to her.

"Greetings, Shopkeeper. I wonder if Master is here?"

Ling'er blinked and swept her gaze across the two of them.

She had seen one of them before. It was none other than the human youth who had bought the antidote. The middle-aged man beside him wore a green robe and had a scholarly aura about him. His clothes were clearly different from the others in the city.

His cultivation was also extraordinary and belonged to the late-stage Golden Core realm. Moreover, he seemed to have broken through not long ago.

The person who spoke was the middle-aged Golden Core cultivator. The youth beside him had a reserved expression as he glanced at the back room Xu Qing was in.

Seeing this, the middle-aged man bowed toward the back room again and respectfully spoke.

"Master, the people from the Skull Union provoked you yesterday. I've already erased them. These are the white pills they extorted from here."

The Golden Core middle-aged man took out a bag and handed it to Ling'er with both hands.

Ling'er's eyes lit up. She had been thinking about the white pills last night and felt that she had made a loss. However, she didn't take it immediately. Instead, she waited for Xu Qing's response.

She knew Brother Xu Qing's personality and understood that there were some things that she couldn't make the decision for.

"Please come in."

 A moment later, Xu Qing's voice rang out from the back room.

Ling'er took a few steps back and the two people at the door respectfully walked in. They stood at the side and looked at the curtain that blocked the way to the back room, not doing anything to investigate.

Understanding the situation, Xu Qing couldn't avoid showing up, so he walked out from the back room and looked at the two of them.

Regarding Xu Qing's youth, the Golden Core cultivator's eyes revealed a strange glint. However, this didn't affect his attitude. His expression turned solemn as he cupped his fists toward Xu Qing and stated his intentions.

"Greetings, Master."

"I am Chen Fanzhuo, the head of the nearby Earthly Growth Sect, and this is my sect disciple. It was from him that I learned of the Master's medical skills."

"I took the liberty to come here because all the disciples of my sect are poisoned. Even I am inflicted with this poison. Master, do you still have the antidotes?"

"I'm willing to buy them at a high price."

He was very clear that some things had to be simple and direct. Moreover, the poison was starting to act up among the sect's disciples. He had found many alchemy masters but they were helpless against this poison.

Hence, he had been extremely anxious until he accidentally discovered that there was actually a disciple who was fine.

Hence, after knowing all of this, he decided to come here.

He didn't believe that mortals could refine such an antidote. To have such attainments in detoxification, the person was definitely not ordinary.

Hence, his attitude was still polite.

Xu Qing's expression was calm. He glanced at the middle-aged cultivator and couldn't be bothered to tell if this person was behind the Skull Union's actions in order to show goodwill.

The other party's attitude was enough.

Hence, he waved his hand and threw a bag filled with antidotes over.

The middle-aged cultivator accepted it with both hands, without checking, and directly took out a storage pouch, placing it aside, then politely left.































































After he left, Ling'er hurriedly went up to check and exclaimed.

"Brother Xu Qing, there are 100,000 spirit stones here."

Xu Qing raised his eyebrows, feeling somewhat favorable toward the middle-aged cultivator, then called for Ling'er to enter the back room.

Ling'er blushed slightly, closed the door of the apothecary, took a deep breath, and then, nervously following Xu Qing into the back room, she straightened herself, puffed her small chest, and spoke softly.

"Why did you call me over here in broad daylight, Brother Xu Qing?"

Xu Qing didn't pay much attention to Ling'er's words. He sat cross-legged and took out a fragment of mirror.

"Ling'er, I hope you can join the Moon Rebel Hall."

"Oh?" Ling'er was taken aback and felt a bit disappointed. Xu Qing's actions seemed to be different from what she had in mind.

"I've been trying recently, but I can't get through." Xu Qing felt helpless. Over these days, he had been attempting to pass the second test, but every attempt had been a failure, and none of the methods he had tried seemed to work.

Now, there was only one method left.

That was to let Ling'er join and complete the assessment. He would borrow the help of Ling'er's lifebond technique to enter the Moon Rebel Hall.

The difficulty in this plan lay in the fact that the members of the Red Moon Shrine all had at least Nascent Soul cultivation, while Ling'er's cultivation had not yet reached Golden Core, so there were issues with the sacrifices she could provide.



The test required that the target of the sacrifice had to be at the same realm as the participant. If the level of the Red Moon cultivator who was sacrificed was too high, this obvious loophole would be seen as cheating.

This also served to limit the cultivation level of those who joined the Moon Rebel Hall.

However, with Xu Qing around, this point was very easy to resolve.

Under Xu Qing's explanation, Ling'er understood this. She silently concealed her thoughts and nodded vigorously.

"Brother Xu Qing, it's no problem. I can do anything."

As she spoke, Ling'er patted her small chest in front of Xu Qing.

Xu Qing's mind was currently filled with thoughts of entering the Moon Rebel Hall. He had pondered this matter for a long time and had analyzed it thoroughly in his mind. He believed there wouldn't be much danger. So, after explaining the steps to Ling'er, the two of them immediately began.

Xu Qing first got Ling'er to activate the mirror. After that, he took out two ferocious beasts with the same cultivation as Ling'er and quickly blessed them. Before their curse erupted, he threw them into the mirror.

Very soon, she passed the first test and the test of faith went very smoothly. Ling'er didn't have any power of the Red Moon on her body, so she easily completed the second test.

The instant it was completed, the mirror floating in the air emitted the sound of shattering and a gap appeared.

Waves of suction force spread out from the gap.

"Brother Xu Qing, that voice told me that this is the entrance to the Moon Rebel Hall." Ling'er glanced at the mirror and hurriedly spoke.

Xu Qing looked at the crack on the mirror and didn't dare to attempt to enter. With the status of the Moon Rebel Hall, if someone who wasn't an examinee forcefully barged in, they would probably be met with fatal power.

Xu Qing looked at Ling'er.

Ling'er's eyes were filled with anticipation. Since Xu Qing had released her lifebond, she hadn't said much, but deep down, she had felt quite disappointed. Now that the lifebond could continue, her heart was filled with happiness. Without any hesitation, her body transformed into a small white snake and landed on Xu Qing's wrist.

At the next instant, a strand of green hair coiled around Xu Qing's wrist.

The connection between the two of them was re-established. However, the current Xu Qing was no longer the same as before. With the enhancement of the power of fortune in his body, this time it wasn't a one-sided connection, but a mutual one.

After doing all this, Xu Qing could clearly sense that he and Ling'er seemed to have become one at this moment.

"Brother Xu Qing, this is a special talent of our Ancient Spirit Race. In our entire lives… we can only bind to one person. Even if the binding is released, we can't bind to another."

"From now on, we share our fates. Your life is my life, your death is my death. Together through life and death, from sunrise to sunset, even in the afterlife, we are companions!"

An ethereal voice rang out in Xu Qing's mind.

Xu Qing stared at the mark on his wrist and nodded solemnly. After taking a deep breath, he looked at the floating mirror and headed straight for the crack.

The instant he got close, his body directly transformed into a beam of light that fused into the crack.

 He had entered a strange place!































































Earth city's apothecary fell into silence.

Xiaomiao swayed a few times and realized that no one was paying attention to it. Hence, it curiously stuck its head out and secretly glanced at the back room.

After waiting for a while and sensing that there was still no sound, it carefully pulled out its roots from the soil, as though it had finally obtained an opportunity and was planning to escape.

However, just as all its roots were plucked up and it leaped out of the flower pot, preparing to leave quietly, a killing intent instantly spread out from the beam.

The fishbone that had fused with the Diamond Sect's ancestor appeared in front of Xiaomiao and pointed at its body.

Xiaomiao shivered and slowly crawled back into the flower pot. It put its roots back into the soil, and swayed fawningly.

The fishbone circled it a few times and returned to the beam in a flash.

"If I let this little thing escape, the fiend will definitely vent his anger on me later." The Diamond Sect's ancestor sneered inwardly. After that, he looked at the back room.

Due to the existence of concealment, he couldn't sense the details. However, based on the faint connection with Xu Qing, he could faintly sense that Xu Qing's aura was gone from the back room.

This was indeed the case.

The back room was empty. What entered the crack in the mirror wasn't the divine consciousness but Xu Qing and Ling'er's main bodies.



This was also one of the wonders of the Moon Rebel Hall.

However, the journey to this magical place didn't give Xu Qing a good impression.

He felt like he had entered a narrow space filled with oppressive pressure. All around him, there were shining walls of light that enclosed him.

The curved walls of light formed a circle, being incredibly firm while firmly restraining Xu Qing's body. He couldn't move, as if he were stuck in place.

The more he struggled, the stronger the restraint became, as if he couldn't move forward and could only retreat.

Xu Qing frowned. He didn't expect to appear in such a godforsaken place after entering the crack.

"Could this be the third test?"

Xu Qing fell into deep thought. When he studied the mirror before, he sensed that there were a total of three tests. He had figured out the details of the first two but he didn't have any understanding of the third one.

Hence, after pondering, Xu Qing tried to spread out his divine consciousness. The process wasn't easy. The pressure from all directions not only bound his body but also his perception.

This was especially so since the surrounding light walls possessed some kind of power and his divine consciousness couldn't penetrate them, but fortunately, the path ahead remained relatively clear. Therefore, he gradually extended his divine consciousness forward through repeated attempts.

Finally, through continuous and unceasing effort, he gradually sensed his location.

"A pipeline?"

Xu Qing was taken aback as he used his divine consciousness to perceive that he was in a long and narrow pipeline.

As for the end, it exceeded the range of his divine consciousness and he couldn't probe it. However, the vast fluctuations he could vaguely sense allowed him to guess that it should be the Moon Rebel Hall he was going to.

"Interesting. Looks like this is indeed the third test. If I can't follow this pipeline path, I won't be qualified to enter the Moon Rebel Hall."

A sharp glint appeared in Xu Qing's eyes. In the beginning, he wanted to join the Moon Rebel Hall because Duanmu Zang had said that the people of the Moon Rebel Hall had studied curses for generations and had an extremely deep understanding of them.

Hence, Xu Qing planned to head there and obtain some information about the curse. After all, one person's research was ultimately inferior to a group of people who had pondered and analyzed for countless years.

This was very useful for Xu Qing to master the curse and could save a lot of time.

Now, other than needing information about the curse, he was also curious about the Moon Rebel Hall itself.

"No wonder Eldest Senior Brother wants to join too."

Xu Qing's gaze was firm. The cultivation base in his body erupted and his body soared. He borrowed the help of this god's body to suppress the surroundings.

As rumbling sounds echoed, Xu Qing's body trembled. The light walls in the surroundings were too hard. Even though he used all his strength, he couldn't expand it much. His body only swelled to the height of five feet.

He had reached his limit.

That feeling of his body and soul being squeezed intensely caused Xu Qing to involuntarily feel stifled. He abruptly retracted his body, instantly returning to normal from a height of five feet.

 The surrounding walls also rapidly retracted but there was still a gap between them.

Borrowing the gap between the retraction of the wall, Xu Qing lifted his right hand and circulated the cultivation base in his body. Other than the Purple Moon, the other nascent souls completely erupted and punched forward.

This punch gathered the Poison Restriction, Ghost Emperor Mountain, the Heavenly Dao, the Bottle of Time, the Golden Crow's ability, and the might of his life lantern, forming a storm that rumbled forward.

Cracking sounds spread out and Xu Qing rushed out, stepping forward dozens of feet from where he was. As the feeling of restraint enveloped him again, Xu Qing gritted his teeth and used the same method to continue forward.

Xu Qing continued to forcefully blast open the path ahead. Although it was difficult to take a step forward, he still walked 1000 feet in the end.

After arriving here, he was already exhausted. After sensing the far end, Xu Qing had no choice but to sigh. He chose to leave and return to the apothecary. After resting, he continued to enter the mirror.

The place he had opened up earlier didn't disappear with Xu Qing's return. He gritted his teeth fiercely at a thousand feet and determination appeared in his eyes as he continued to bombard the path forward.

Just like that, the days passed.

Ling'er didn't need to follow him every time. With her mark, Xu Qing could go alone. Hence, Ling'er reopened the apothecary.

However, from time to time, she would still turn her head and look at the back room, paying attention to Brother Xu Qing's progress.

"This Moon Rebel Hall is so difficult. Even with Brother Xu Qing's ability, he hasn't been able to enter it," sighed Ling'er in her heart. Similar emotions of frustration had also welled up in Xu Qing multiple times.































































Half a month later, amidst the increasingly intense rumbling, Xu Qing, who had opened up a path leading to the Moon Rebel Hall stretching nearly 30,000 feet, returned to the apothecary. As he appeared, he sat down panting and with bloodshot eyes.

"I only opened 30% of the path. I'm still about 70,000 feet away from the end."

"Those people who can enter the Moon Rebel Hall must be peerless experts. At the very least, they should all be at Spirit Repository?"

Reverence rose in Xu Qing's heart and he looked forward to this organization even more. He felt that anyone who could successfully pass the third test and blast open this path was extraordinary.

"I can do it too!"

Xu Qing's expression was decisive. After resting, he stepped into the mirror again and continued to bombard.

The repeated actions also allowed Xu Qing to gain experience. Under the continuous pressure, his body became even more powerful. After it swelled, the size it could hold up also increased from five feet to ten feet.

As a result, his speed also increased by a lot. After another half a month, he successfully blasted open a path of 80,000 feet.

Standing there, he looked back at the path he had carved, feeling the immense hardship. Then, he raised his head to sense 20,000 feet away, and his reverence for the people within the Moon Rebel Hall grew even stronger.

"There's still 20,000 feet left. I hope that's the Moon Rebel Hall!"

In the distance, at the end of the path that Xu Qing had forcefully blasted open, the place it connected to was indeed the Moon Rebel Hall.

The Moon Rebel Hall was a separate space of immense proportions, containing a mountain of indescribable size.



There were a hundred thousand ancient temples constructed on that massive mountain. While there was some distance between them, from afar, they still appeared densely packed.

Every temple inside gave off an ancient feeling, as if the river of time had been flowing endlessly in this place for an unknown duration.

Some of those temples shimmered with light, while others were shrouded in darkness. The temples with radiance inside appeared to have statues and emitted colorful light.

From time to time, statues would walk out of the temples and fly to other temples.

They were enveloped in a soft light, exuding a divine aura all over their bodies. Their forms varied, and from a distance, they looked like a myriad of gods and devils.

At the base of this enormous mountain, there were the most temples. Half of them appeared dim, while the other half radiated with brilliance.

Among them was a temple situated between many radiant and resplendent ones.

Originally unremarkable, it had attracted the attention of the statues in the neighboring temples over the past month.

Because it was too noisy.

At that moment, as Xu Qing continued to forcefully open the path, a tremendous roar emanated from this ordinary temple, spreading throughout the vicinity, and the noise persisted.

"Not again!" Three to five statues walked out of the surrounding temples and glared at the temple that was rumbling.

"Damn it, this fellow is relentless. What are they up to?"

"It's been a month, if this person wants to enter, they should hurry up. Continuously bombarding the guiding light, what's their plan?"

"Crazy!"

"There must be a huge problem with their brain!"

As the rumbling grew increasingly intense, more statues walked out of the nearby temples. All of them looked over helplessly.

"I've never seen anything like this. For us, the guiding pathway is something you cross in a step. What's this person doing, constantly bombarding it like this?"

"Could it be that they want to showcase their strength?"

"But what is there to show off? The Moon Rebel Hall has been without a master for many years, and the artifact spirit is in slumber with only its most basic functions still in effect. To maintain its continuous operation, the guiding light is adjusted according to the candidate's cultivation level, precisely allowing the candidate to be guided up without hindrance."

"Why is this person constantly blasting while taking steps? They could walk up with ease, so why act as if it's incredibly difficult!"

Amidst the discussion, the rumbling continued and grew increasingly intense.

All the statues in the vicinity frowned but they were helpless. Before the temple was opened, they couldn't enter. Hence, they could only choose to return and not listen to the annoying rumbling.

Fortunately, this time, it didn't last long. After the rumbling echoed for another four hours, it fell silent.

 Xu Qing was tired.

He panted heavily and looked at the remaining ten thousand feet before choosing to return.

The instant he appeared in the back room of the apothecary, determination appeared in Xu Qing's eyes.

"I'll definitely be able to blast it open in three to four days at most!"

At the thought that he could finally pass this third test, Xu Qing sighed with emotion. He felt that it was too difficult.

"After I enter, I have to be even more cautious and vigilant. The people inside… aren't people to be trifled with."

Xu Qing's expression was solemn. Before he closed his eyes and meditated to recuperate, he spread out his divine consciousness and glanced outside the apothecary.

There were some people queuing up there.

As the reputation of the apothecary in the earth city spread, business was getting better and better. This was especially so for the faction of the middle-aged cultivator who had bought the antidotes from him. Because they had successfully resolved the crisis, they became even more respectful to Xu Qing.

Under their intimidation, many small forces didn't dare to provoke the apothecary. With their protection, the trade of the white pills was going smoothly. They could sell a hundred white pills every day.

Fortunately, Xu Qing had a lot of them in his inventory and would occasionally refine them.

As for medicinal herbs, other than the ones he had accumulated over the years, he also bought them from outsiders.

Although he didn't collect much, the middle-aged cultivator, Chen Fanzhuo, would come occasionally. Every time, he would be polite and respectful and bring many medicinal herbs.

Sometimes, when Xu Qing wasn't around, he would know that it wasn't convenient to disturb him after he sent the medicinal herbs over. Hence, he would greet Ling'er and leave.































































Such a sense of propriety made it very difficult for people to feel resentful. At this moment, outside the door, the figure of Chen Fanzhuo appeared again. He didn't use his status and cultivation to ignore the people waiting in line but patiently waited on the side.

Only when there were no more people did he enter the apothecary.

"Uncle Chen." Ling'er looked up and greeted the middle-aged cultivator with a smile.

"Miss Ling'er, is Master still refining pills?" Chen Fanzhuo asked politely. He then took out a bag filled with medicinal herbs and placed it on the counter before glancing at the back room.

Just as Ling'er was about to speak, the curtain of the back room was lifted and Xu Qing walked out.

"Greetings, Master." Chen Fanzhuo's expression turned solemn as he cupped his fists.

Xu Qing nodded. His gaze swept past the other party and his heart stirred.

Last time, Chen Fanzhuo's body contained poison. According to his antidote pill, the poison should have dissipated by now. However, from the looks of it now, not only was there some poison left, but there was also a new poison.

Xu Qing fell into deep thought. He then lifted his right hand and took out a white pill, handing it over.

"You hold it in your mouth, reverse the flow of your cultivation into a minor cycle, and let it slowly dissolve."

Chen Fanzhuo was stunned. From Xu Qing's words, he could tell that something was amiss. He hesitated for a moment before taking the medicinal pill and putting it into his mouth. He then circulated his cultivation according to Xu Qing's request.



A moment later, the medicinal pill in his mouth completely dissolved. When it spread throughout his body, Xu Qing suddenly spoke.

"Concentrate your cultivation in your right index finger, draw a drop of fresh blood, and let it fall on this leaf."

Xu Qing lifted his hand and took out a stalk of yellow medicinal herbs. After placing it to the side, Chen Fanzhuo didn't hesitate at all. He immediately pierced his index finger and a drop of black blood flowed out of the wound.

Waves of unpleasant smell spread out. When Chen Fanzhuo smelled it, his expression changed drastically. He originally thought that his poison had been neutralized, but from the looks of it, it was clearly still there.

Hence, he didn't dare to be careless and hurriedly smeared this drop of blood on the yellow medicinal herb Xu Qing had given him.

At the moment the blood came into contact with the herb, the herb emitted a sizzling sound and produced a green smoke. It started to wriggle in mid-air, and there was a faint echo of soul-piercing screams.

Seeing this scene, Chen Fanzhuo's eyes narrowed. With a wave of his hand, he assumed a protective posture, as though he didn't want the strangeness of the green smoke to taint the apothecary.

Although this action was a little fake, the attitude it revealed was very upright.

Xu Qing glanced at him and took out a transparent pill bottle. After shaking it for a while, he opened it. The aura emitted by it seemed to possess an intense attraction to the green smoke.

Hence, at the next instant, this lump of green smoke headed straight for the pill bottle in Xu Qing's hand. After it entered it, Xu Qing pressed the stopper of the bottle down and held it in his hand to observe.

The green smoke in the pill bottle continued to squirm and condense in this small bottle. Finally, it transformed into a green centipede.

It looked very sinister. Upon closer inspection, one would discover that what formed this large centipede were countless small centipedes.

"Master, this is…" Chen Fanzhuo was shocked. He shuddered at the thought of such a bizarre entity in his blood.

"This is the soul of the centipede, a not very common special medicinal material. Its toxicity is moderate, and it's mainly used for tracking and locating, providing the user with a target's position. When combined with other methods, it can be refined into a Gu."

Xu Qing was a little happy. He didn't expect to find such a precious item recorded in Grandmaster Bai's pharmacopeia here. Hence, he spoke in satisfaction.

"You're being targeted. Moreover, looking at the restlessness of this centipede soul, the person who targeted you shouldn't be far from here."

As Xu Qing spoke, the green centipede in the small bottle suddenly became irritable and slammed into the bottle.

The small bottle swayed intensely but it couldn't escape Xu Qing's palm.

"Hmm? The person who has his eyes on you is approaching."

Xu Qing calmly spoke.

Chen Fanzhuo's expression changed and he bowed solemnly to Xu Qing. After that, he turned and walked toward the door.

He knew that the Master of this apothecary had no obligation to help him resolve the crisis. To be able to detoxify the poison and tell him this was already benevolent.

If he didn't know what was good for him and forcefully dragged the other party into his private grudge, this wouldn't be in line with his principles.

At the thought of this, he quickly walked to the door. After pushing open the door of the apothecary, he was about to step out when Xu Qing's voice echoed behind him.

 "He's here."

The instant Xu Qing's voice rang out, wind and clouds surged in the sky of earth city. Large balls of fog churned in the sky and waves of wild shrieks and howls could be heard.

This sound was incomparably terrifying. When the residents of this city heard it, their hearts trembled and they quickly closed their houses. Even those outside immediately found an empty house to crawl into.

In the blink of an eye, the entire small city looked empty.

At this moment, the black fog in the sky gathered toward the city and finally formed a figure on the streets.

As it became clearer, the appearance of this figure was revealed.

He was an old man wearing a loose robe. As his Nascent Soul cultivation fluctuated, his white hair fluttered in the wind. His eyes were cold and there was a hint of mockery at the corner of his mouth.

And the edge of his robe, at this moment, had some mist lingering in the wind.

All of this made this old man look extremely bizarre.

"You dare to steal my things? You must be tired of living."

This old man was none other than the one-eyed cultivator who had provoked Xu Qing. After he had a conflict with Xu Qing previously, he had been on tenterhooks and was filled with panic.

In order to avoid Xu Qing, he had no choice but to hide. It was only when he felt that the limelight had passed that he carefully went out. He didn't expect that one of his cave abodes would actually be robbed.































































He had carefully examined the traces and deduced that the thief's cultivation level should be at the Golden Core stage, which filled him with anger.

Moreover, he had scattered poison in his cave abode, so he followed the trail and found the thief.

With the help of the poison's trail, he immediately confirmed that it was the other party's doing the moment he looked at Chen Fanzhuo. His eyes couldn't help but reveal a cold glint and he was about to walk over.

However… at that moment, Chen Fanzhuo was at the entrance of Xu Qing's apothecary.

The old man's peripheral vision swept past Chen Fanzhuo. At the same time, he instinctively glanced at the scene in the apothecary.

There, he saw an ugly girl and an expressionless youth.

The instant he saw this youth, the old man's eyes narrowed and he suddenly stopped in his tracks. His body gradually shivered uncontrollably and waves of emotions surged in his heart.

"Wha, wha, what…"

"It's him!"

"He's actually here!!"

The old man's breathing was hurried. It was as though a powerful lightning had exploded in his mind and it continued to rumble. He felt like his soul was about to leave his body.

His fear of Xu Qing had reached the extreme. Back then, Xu Qing's terrifying combat strength caused him to have lingering fears every time he thought of it.

Moreover, he had already judged the other party to be an old monster with a higher cultivation base than his. In addition, Xu Qing's sharp perception was also the reason why the old man was frightened.



Coupled with the ineffectiveness of his poison, he felt a boundless threat to his life at this moment.

The most important thing was that he came here with his main body!

Chen Fanzhuo was also as horrified as him. He had paid a considerable price to rob a cave abode some time ago.

The cave seemed abandoned for a long time, and he found many valuable items inside. After taking those items, he felt a mix of fear and anxiety. However, after observing for a while, he realized that no one came to investigate or track him down.

Hence, he had relaxed a little. After that, he sensed that he had been poisoned, so he came to the apothecary.

Earlier, when he heard Xu Qing telling him that he had been tracked and locked onto, he already felt that something was amiss.

Now that he had personally seen the main character, the fluctuations of the other party's Nascent Soul caused him to fall into extreme fear. In fact, he seemed to be frozen in place. He could only stand there under the huge pressure and tremble. His body swayed as he barely spoke.

"Senior, calm down. I know my mistake… All the items are still here…"

However, his words were useless. The old man also didn't dare to move.

The old man no longer cared about the small matter of the cave abode being stolen.

Right now, what he was thinking about was how he could survive.

This scene looked bizarre from afar. Chen Fanzhuo looked at the old man in horror and the old man looked ahead in horror. The two of them didn't dare to lift their feet.

In an instant, the scene fell silent.

The old man didn't speak and Chen Fanzhuo's fear grew even more intense. Xu Qing didn't speak and the old man's fear was surging like waves in the sea.

In this life-and-death crisis, the old man's mind raced as he rapidly analyzed.

'This is an apothecary. That ugly girl is the source of the fragrance. The attire she's wearing clearly indicates she's an assistant. This is the old monster's apothecary!'

'Since that Golden Core thief is so frightened, it means that he's not the old monster's person. There's a high chance that he doesn't know the cultivation of the old monster.'

'It must be because the old monster doesn't want to be exposed. In that case, why is he hiding here?'

'Because he has some mysterious plan!'

'My appearance and performance might indirectly expose this old monster's cultivation and affect his mysterious arrangements. In that case, he will definitely vent his anger on me.'

'If I turn around and escape, the same outcome will happen!'

'I can't beat him or escape…'

 The old man's heart was extremely conflicted. When he was in a dilemma, his eyes turned red.

As Chen Fanzhuo's heart trembled even more, the old man gritted his teeth and took a step forward. The expression on his face instantly turned from solemn to ecstatic as he shouted excitedly.

"Benefactor, you're here too?"

Chen Fanzhuo was stunned.































































The Diamond Sect's ancestor immediately became vigilant and stared fixedly at the old man outside.

The old man shouted.

"Benefactor!"

This address was filled with rich emotions.

His expression was one of excitement, and he was trembling all over. Tears welled up in his eyes, and his whole being was clearly engulfed by intense emotions.

"I've been looking for you for a long, long time!"

"I'll always remember your kindness in saving my life back then. I just regret that I was immersed in my cultivation at that time, and when I woke up, you had already departed, old master."

"You didn't even charge me a single cent for the consultation fees and medicinal pills!"

The old man's voice was trembling as he suppressed the trepidation and horror in his heart. He braced himself and trembled as he took a few steps forward, arriving more than 100 feet away from Xu Qing's apothecary.

"I felt guilty about that, so I've been searching for you. Heaven must have been moved by my sincerity, and today, I finally had the chance to see you, old master."

The old man wiped the corners of his eyes and bowed solemnly to the expressionless Xu Qing!

When he lifted his head, the old man looked at Xu Qing with a pleading expression.

"This time, please give me a chance to repay you. You must accept the big gift I prepared for you."

The old man endured his heartache and quickly took out his three storage bags, lifting them with both hands.



Chen Fanzhuo looked at all of this and felt confused. He could sense the sincerity and excitement of this old man who was aggressive just now.

This was especially so when he noticed that the other party only had three storage bags. Now, in order to repay the kindness, he actually gave them all away.

This scene moved him but at the same time, he also felt that it was incomparably strange. Hence, he instinctively followed the old man's gaze and looked at the apothecary's Master behind him.

In the apothecary, Xu Qing played with the transparent pill bottle in his hand and coldly glanced at the trembling old man. The words of the Diamond Sect's ancestor quickly echoed in his heart.

"Master, this person is deceitful and cunning. One look and you can tell that he's not a good guy. Usually, such a character in the book is someone who has rebellious thoughts. He's different from me."

Xu Qing didn't bother with the Diamond Sect's ancestor and walked out of the apothecary.

Xu Qing saw this old man's little tricks clearly. These little tricks might be effective on others but they were useless against him.

Back then, this person had escaped. Since he had encountered him today, Xu Qing didn't plan to let him off. The Diamond Sect's ancestor also sensed the killing intent in Xu Qing's heart and accumulated strength, waiting for Xu Qing to give the order to attack.

As Xu Qing walked over, a tremendous pressure enveloped the old man's heart. Sweat appeared on his forehead and his heart churned when he saw the coldness in Xu Qing's eyes.

Seeing that his method was ineffective, he glanced at Chen Fanzhuo anxiously. After that, he gritted his teeth fiercely and suddenly spoke loudly.

"Benefactor, your kindness to me, Li Youfei, is greater than the heavens. Today, please accept my token of gratitude!"

When Chen Fanzhuo heard the name Li Youfei, he felt that it was a little familiar and recalled.

Seeing this, the old man became even more anxious. He wondered if this fellow wasn't a local. Why hadn't he remembered!

Hence, he spoke loudly again.

"I, Li Youfei, have spent 120 years in the Bitter Life Mountain Range, a life filled with hardships. Through all the struggles, I have come to understand the importance of gratitude. Benefactor, the day you left, I…"

When the old man said this, Chen Fanzhuo's heart suddenly stirred. He recalled this name and his eyes widened as he cried out involuntarily.

"You are the Bitter Life Immortal, Senior Li Youfei!"

Chen Fanzhuo's expression changed.

"Twenty-three years ago, you, Senior Immortal Li Youfei, saved countless mortal infants by destroying the infamous Qilin Blood Sect, who practiced alchemy using the blood of newborns, in a single night in the Bitter Life Mountain Range. Your actions have been legendary in the Bitter Life Mountain Range, and you are hailed as the Bitter Life Immortal."

"More than forty years ago, the Blood Worship Clan, notorious for its heinous acts of plunder, rape, and terrorizing several earth cities, was reportedly killed by poison in three days. Legend has it that it was the work of the Bitter Life Immortal, Li Youfei."

"Also, in the past sixty years, every time there were natural disasters or man-made calamities, the mortals who were suffering in the various cities would be given food. It's said that it was also done by Li Youfei!"

 "Most recently, just a few months ago, numerous rogue cultivators who were trying to gain the status of divine slaves by secretly aligning with the Red Moon Shrine died one after another. Rumor has it…"

Chen Fanzhuo's breathing was hurried. He looked at the old man in front of him and his heart trembled. Over the years in the Bitter Life Mountain Range, he had heard many legends, including many about Li Youfei.

The legend said that this person was a complex character, displaying both heroic and villainous qualities, but overall, the heroic side prevailed.

"Senior, regarding the cave abode, it's junior's fault. Junior will return all the items. Senior, please forgive me."

Chen Fanzhuo took a deep breath and bowed deeply to the old man.

He seemed excited, and it's possible that in a place like the Bitter Life Mountain Range where surviving and having a small influence are exceptional feats, he naturally noticed some clues between the old man and the master.

However, regardless of whether the other party was real or fake, he felt that this was an opportunity to successfully resolve his crisis.

The old man, upon hearing this, finally breathed a sigh of relief. He was indeed Li Youfei, but in his day-to-day life, he often used tethered bodies with different appearances and remained hidden while conducting his affairs outside.

Right now, he had no choice. In this life-and-death crisis, he wanted to let the old monster know that he… had value in surviving.

He understood that people who chose to join the Moon Rebel Hall usually had their own grievances, and he wanted to tell Xu Qing that he was no exception.

Although he hadn't passed the assessment of the Moon Rebel Hall and was still short of a divine slave sacrifice, he had been using his own methods to do similar things all these years.

This was indeed the case.

At the thought of this, the old man looked at Xu Qing with a pleading gaze.

Xu Qing stopped in his tracks and his gaze landed on the old man. He didn't speak.

His silence caused the old man's heart to tremble with oppression.

After a long time, Xu Qing lifted his right hand and grabbed. Immediately, the three storage bags in front of the old man flew over. After holding them, Xu Qing turned and walked toward the apothecary.

As Xu Qing left, the pressure on the old man instantly dissipated. That feeling of surviving a calamity caused the old man to take a deep breath. He looked at Xu Qing's back view and lowered his head to solemnly bow before turning to leave rapidly.

However, he didn't notice that in the shadow behind him, an eye opened slightly before quickly hiding.

Xu Qing didn't kill Li Youfei for the time being, but he planted a shadow eye on him to observe. If the other party was really as Chen Fanzhuo had said, it wasn't impossible for him to let him off.

However, if he was a fake or if there was malice, then no matter how many things this person accomplished, there was no chance of survival. The shadow would control his body and make him devour himself.

The sky was dim, devoid of clouds, and as Chen Fanzhuo gazed at everything, his reverence for Xu Qing reached its peak.

He was very grateful for his previous respect, and now, with even more humility, he bowed towards the apothecary before stepping back and leaving.

In the apothecary, Ling'er blinked and looked at the storage bags in Xu Qing's hand.

Xu Qing could already sense the money-grubber personality displayed by Ling'er after the apothecary was opened. So, he smiled and let his consciousness merge into the storage bags. After checking that there was no danger, he handed them to Ling'er.

Ling'er cheered. She took them and hurriedly checked. As though she was opening a wish box, she took out one item after another with anticipation. Her small face was filled with joy and happiness.

Xu Qing watched from the side for a while before returning to the back room with a smile. He then sat down cross-legged and took out a mirror, merging it into it before continuing to bombard the path.

Three days passed.

On the morning of the fourth day, Xu Qing stood at the end of the beam of light from the Moon Rebel Hall. Excitement and anticipation rose in his heart.

"After more than a month, I'm finally going to complete this third test!"

"It's too difficult."

Xu Qing sighed with emotion. He clenched his right hand into a fist and punched forward with all his might. Amidst cracking sounds, he opened up the last ten feet of the path.

The instant it was opened, an intense light flickered in front of him and enveloped him. He took a step forward, as if walking across a layer of icy water, and when he appeared, he was inside an ancient temple.

This temple wasn't big, about 100 feet square. The lighting was dim, and there were no offerings present except for an altar.

Xu Qing's location was on this altar.

However, it wasn't his original appearance but a statue.

This statue wore a long robe and had the appearance of an old man. He had a dignified expression and a long beard that reached his chest. He had a sage-like appearance and a huge gourd on his back.

He gave off a faint divine intent.

After Xu Qing checked the appearance of his statue, he spread out his perception. However, he quickly discovered that his divine consciousness couldn't penetrate the surrounding walls and could only spread within the temple. After confirming that there were no other auras here, Xu Qing lifted his hand.

His stone-carved hand had a dark hue, as if it had been painted with colors that had faded over time, leaving behind a mottled appearance. The surface of the hand also bore some cracks, varying in depth.

Xu Qing put down his hand and swept his gaze across the surroundings.

"This is the Moon Rebel Hall?"

Xu Qing fell silent. He didn't know why he had become a statue but he could sense that this statue contained the power of life. However, it didn't belong to him. It was more like an armor bestowed by this place after he entered.

"In other words, there was a statue here to begin with? After I entered, I appeared inside the statue?"

After pondering for a moment, Xu Qing tried to move.

As the altar trembled and dust scattered, Xu Qing controlled his statue body and slowly walked down. He felt that his body wasn't agile.

He moved around for a while more. After exploring this small temple again, he became a little more familiar with this layer of statue armor. At the same time, he also discovered that cultivation was meaningless here and couldn't be released. The statue isolated everything.

If one wanted to move here, they could only rely on controlling the statue's body to move forward.

However, the storage bag could be opened.

He then looked up at the door of the temple. The door, once crimson red, had now weathered and cracked over time, its color fading significantly.

"Beyond the door is the Moon Rebel Hall, right?"

Xu Qing's gaze was filled with anticipation as he controlled the statue to walk forward.

After taking a few steps, he arrived beside the door. He stood there and took a deep breath before pushing forward forcefully.

However, the instant his hand touched the temple's door, a sudden change occurred!

At the same time, at the edge of the green sand desert outside the Bitter Life Mountain Range, in the green sandstorm, a colorful light was speeding forward.

This beam of light's speed was extraordinary. It would occasionally blink and teleport to an even further place, constantly advancing faster.

The dangers in the desert didn't seem to be much to it. As long as it was fast enough, it could ignore everything.

However, occasionally, this beam of light would pause in mid-air as though it was searching for a direction. If one were to look at it at this moment, they would be able to clearly see that it was the parrot among Wu Jianwu's descendants.

Every time the parrot stopped, its nose would twitch a few times. Its head would sway left and right as it searched. At that moment, in the sky far away from the Bitter Life Mountain Range, its eyes lit up.

"I am amazing. I've finally found it!"

"If my father was here, he would definitely recite a poem. As the smartest among my father's many descendants, I'll recite a poem on behalf of my father now."

"Once the parrot was born, what's so special about father? Quickly call for father, I am here"

The parrot proudly spoke, with only the regret in its heart that there was no one by its side to applaud its talented poetry.

* * *































































In the temple, the instant Xu Qing's hand touched the door, his entire body trembled.

The vast will that had appeared many times before instantly enveloped his mind from the temple's door.

It didn't give him any chance to react or retreat. This will was like the sea, instantly flooding Xu Qing's mind and drowning everything. After that, it transformed into waves of intense pain.

This intense pain spread out from every inch of his flesh and blood and erupted from every bone, sweeping out like a storm.

It was as though countless sharp blades were cutting his flesh piece by piece and scraping his bones.

The sudden drastic change caused Xu Qing's heart to tremble. At the next instant, the pain changed. However, it didn't weaken but became stronger.

It transformed into flames that burned all parts of his body.

Immediately after, the burning dissipated and rotting intent formed. Regardless of whether it was his body or soul, they felt as though they had sunk into the netherworld at this instant. Even though Xu Qing had experienced many serious injuries in the past, this intense pain still caused his entire body to tremble.

However, he couldn't faint.

At the next moment, the pain of being bitten appeared on top of the rotting.

It was as though he was in a huge mouth where his body was bitten off piece by piece and chewed into minced meat.

The most terrifying thing was that all of the pain was constantly magnified. In the end, when it reached the extreme, it became indescribable torture.

In just a while, even with Xu Qing's determination, he couldn't help but let out a muffled sound. His body trembled violently and he could no longer stand steadily.

Ten breaths later, everything reversed and all the pain instantly dissipated.



The only thing seeping out was sweat, trickling through the cracks of the statue, splashing on the ground.

Xu Qing's breathing was hurried. The vast divine sense that filled his mind echoed in his mind for a long time.

"This is what it is like when the Crimson Goddess' curse erupts. The pain you will have to endure in the future is also the torment that all living beings in this region will have to endure."

"This is also the third test. You don't have to complete it. You just have to experience the pain of the curse in depth."

"Then, in the future, do you want this to happen?"

"If you don't, if you want to struggle, if you want to resist, push open this door. You're welcome to join our Moon Rebel Hall!"

The divine sense dissipated.

Everything was an illusion.

Xu Qing lifted his head. He finally knew what the third test was.

"Let all the participants feel the pain of the eruption of the curse and firm their hearts of rebelling against the moon."

Xu Qing mumbled, but he soon froze.

"If this is the third test, then what was the test I took to blast open the pathway?"

Xu Qing hesitated and his expression was a little strange. He turned his head and glanced at the altar, falling silent.

A while later, Xu Qing's eyes gleamed. He no longer thought about these trivial matters. He lifted his hand and pushed the wooden door of the temple.

The creaking sound as the door opened carried a sense of time and antiquity as it echoed in Xu Qing's ears.

A strange world was reflected in Xu Qing's eyes.

The sky was a long-lost blue, with sunlight scattering across the firmament, and all around was a curtain formed by flowing light.

Waves of fragrance gushed into Xu Qing's nose and gentle light seeped into his eyes.

Compared to the darkness in the Moon Worship Region, the first impression this place gave to Xu Qing was like a paradise.

Even Xu Qing, who had come from another region, felt this way. One could imagine the shock of those living beings who had been here for generations.

Xu Qing's heart was stirred, and he took a step out of the temple. In front of him was an ancient bronze cauldron covered in rust. The temple was located on a mountain.

 This was the only mountain in this world.

This mountain was infinitely large and countless temples were built on it. Some were pitch-black and some shone brightly. However, every temple exuded the feeling of ancientness.

"This should be the Moon Rebel Hall."

Xu Qing, who was at the foot of the mountain, lifted his head and looked up. A feeling of insignificance involuntarily rose in his heart.

He saw nine larger temples floating in the sky above the huge mountain.

They were high and mighty and emitted a vast might. Among them, five of them emitted boundless light and one could vaguely see the boundless auspiciousness of the statues inside.

The other four were dim and listless.

Above the nine temples was the sun that illuminated all the light. However, upon closer inspection, Xu Qing could see that there was actually a temple in the sun.

However, its door was tightly shut.

It was clearly built on the sun but the moment Xu Qing saw this temple, he instinctively had a feeling that this temple… was dead. There were no gods inside.

Or to be precise, there was no one in it!

Other than that, Xu Qing also saw statues similar to him entering and exiting the countless temples on the huge mountain. They came and went and occasionally communicated with each other.

This liveliness caused Xu Qing to feel a little dazed. It was as though he had arrived in a god's kingdom.

Even to the point that he had a bizarre thought, he instinctively looked back at the temple behind him.

"As if the world I am in is just within this temple…"

Xu Qing shook his head and waved away this thought. He knew that this was impossible. Hence, he controlled his statue body to rise into the air and observe the Moon Rebel Hall in greater detail.

Time flowed by. Under Xu Qing's observation, he finally had some basic understanding of this Moon Rebel Hall.

If a temple was dim, it meant they were unoccupied and inaccessible.

The flickering light indicated that there was a spirit inside. Even if the owner wasn't around, as long as it wasn't actively restricted, the other statues could enter freely.

Almost every temple had a different number of light clusters, each of which held information about transactions.

"The initial function of this Moon Rebel Hall is a place of trade?"

Xu Qing fell into deep thought. He walked into the temples to take a look and confirmed this.

Outside every temple, there were bronze cauldrons. Some of them were empty but some had incense sticks inserted. Incense curled up, giving off a feeling of prosperity.

Xu Qing was a little puzzled about this. He didn't know how the incense in the bronze cauldron appeared.

This lasted until he observed for a long time. He discovered that every time a statue entered someone's temple and completed the transaction, the number of incense sticks in the temple's bronze cauldron would change.

Sometimes, there was one less, and sometimes there was an additional.

"It feels like a reputation…" Xu Qing fell silent. When he looked at the temples again, he felt that they were like shops.

Xu Qing pondered and searched. In the end, he found a light cluster in a temple and sensed that the owner of this temple needed to trade for some poisonous pills. The items he put up for exchange were some precious medicinal herbs.

There were a few stalks inside. When Xu Qing saw them, he was tempted. He felt that this person should be an extraordinary Alchemy Master. Just as he was checking, the statue on the altar suddenly moved. It opened its eyes and looked at Xu Qing, emitting a cold voice.

"You've been watching for a long time. If you don't want to exchange, feel free to leave."

Xu Qing fell silent and asked.

"I wonder what type of poison pill you need?"

The statue glanced at Xu Qing and calmly spoke.

"I am cultivating a physique that is immune to a hundred poisons, so any poison pills will do."

Xu Qing thought about it and took out one of his poison pills, adding a reminder.

"The potency of my poisonous pill is a little unique. Fellow Daoist, please try it gradually."

As he spoke, Xu Qing placed the poison pill into the light cluster.

The statue chuckled inwardly, thinking that it had received such warnings many times before, but most of them were ordinary. After sensing it again, it felt that this pill was still acceptable, so the transaction was completed.

Very soon, a medicinal herb that Xu Qing wanted was revealed in the light cluster and landed in Xu Qing's hand. At the next instant, a weak fluctuation appeared in his mind.

This fluctuation contained a simple divine sense. He could choose 'dissatisfied' or 'satisfied'.

After Xu Qing chose 'satisfied', an incense stick appeared in the bronze cauldron outside the temple.

"So it works like this."

Xu Qing's interest was piqued and he left the temple. Before he left, he looked at the statue and reminded it again.

"Fellow Daoist, you have to be careful. In the beginning, you can scrape off some medicine powder and try it. It's best not to swallow it at once."

"You may leave now." The statue furrowed its brow, sounding somewhat impatient and cold.

Seeing how confident the other party was, Xu Qing thought to himself that there were always more knowledgeable people, and perhaps he was too naive. He decided not to persuade any further and turned to leave.

As he walked in this world of the Moon Rebel Hall, Xu Qing looked around. He felt that this Moon Rebel Hall was different from what he had thought in the past. In addition, he had been to many temples and had a better understanding of this place.

Not only were there items traded here, but there was also information, requests for help, and wanted posters… There were all kinds of things.

There was also some information about the curse.

One of the items related to the curse attracted Xu Qing's attention because it was too expensive.

That was the curse-resolving pill!

Xu Qing only knew about the curse-resolving pill after he and his eldest senior brother were wanted by the Yin Yang Flower Sect. He understood its value and purpose, but he was still shocked by its price.

The pill couldn't be bought with spirit stones and was in limited supply. To acquire it, one had to either trade valuable treasures or complete specific tasks assigned by the supplier.

Among the heavenly treasures, Xu Qing saw red heavenly fire crystals. The number needed for the transaction was 20!

Xu Qing had red heavenly fire crystals. He knew that this item was very rare. 20 of them could basically allow a small race to complete a tribute to the Red Moon.

As for missions, most of them were related to the Spirit Repository, such as hunting down designated Spirit Repository experts and exchanging their souls in return.

There were also some that required signing a soul contract and making sufficient contributions to the other party.

Xu Qing checked for a long time. After buying information about the curse in many temples, he finally returned to his small temple at the foot of the mountain. On the way, he met a few neighbors.

The statues in the nearby temples all had strange expressions in their eyes when they saw Xu Qing, especially in the temple adjacent to his. As Xu Qing returned, a statue emanating an orange light stepped out.

This statue appeared to be a burly man, with a bold chest and some stone streamers adorning his body. It had a formidable appearance and was glaring at Xu Qing with intense disapproval.

Xu Qing sensed this and became vigilant. He quickly returned to the altar in the temple. The moment he closed his eyes, he appeared in the room behind the apothecary.

Sensing that his surroundings were normal, Xu Qing's eyes gleamed. He recalled the scenes in the Moon Rebel Hall and felt that it was strange. After a while, Xu Qing took out the jade slip about the curse he had traded and fused his divine consciousness into it.

At the same time, in the Moon Rebel Hall, after Xu Qing left, the statue of the burly dude with protruding breasts looked at Xu Qing's temple and let out a cold snort.

"I thought he was some formidable character, continuously bombarding for over a month, making it seem like he's so powerful. He disturbed my peace!"

At the same time, in a small temple at the other end of the mountain, the door creaked open and a skinny statue with six eyes walked out.

On each of the statue's shoulders stood a divine bird. After it walked out, the statue stretched out its arms and spoke proudly with a smug expression.

"Little Qing, it's not that Eldest Senior Brother is deliberately late, but I'm really too outstanding. I actually obtained the qualifications to enter the Moon Rebel Hall halfway through a small matter. Sigh, I'm too outstanding. I have no choice but to continue being outstanding."

"Moreover, with Little Qing's actual situation, he probably won't be able to enter considering the difficulty of this assessment. It's a pity that I can only enjoy the scenery here alone."

"There's also that silly bird. I wonder if it has reached the Bitter Life Mountain Range. I hope it doesn't croak halfway…"































































Late at night, the world was shrouded in darkness, with only sporadic lights flickering in the small cities of the Bitter Life Mountain Range, their glow hazy in the wind.

The whimpering wind continued to blow. Occasionally, some sand would be lifted and swept into the earth city.

Although there wasn't much sandy wind that could reach the mountain range, it still made rustling sounds when it landed on the door, occasionally causing unease. However, after a while, one could become accustomed to it.

At least to Xu Qing, this was the case. The whistling wind outside the house had already become a part of his life in this half a year. At that moment, he retracted his divine consciousness from the jade slip that talked about the curse and a strange glint appeared in his eyes.

It had been three days since he returned from the Moon Rebel Hall. During these three days, Xu Qing had been analyzing the curse information. Now, he had finally comprehended all of it.

"The research of the people from the Moon Rebel Hall on the curse has actually reached such a microscopic level."

Xu Qing mumbled. He felt that the curse information he had exchanged for the poisonous pills and spirit stones was very worth it.

This information was quite comprehensive. Clearly, it wasn't completed by one generation. They seemed to have been passed down over many years, containing tests and numerous speculations on various types of curses.

"Some individuals, through multiple experiments, have confirmed that this curse possesses life…"

"There are also people who discovered that there are subtle differences in the curses of the various races after investigating over a hundred races. It appears that some groups have fewer curses from birth, but these curses gradually accumulate over time."



"There are also people from the Moon Rebel Hall who specialize in studying the changes in the eruption of the curse and sorted out 137 different reactions. It seems that the details of different races are different the moment the curse erupts."

"This curse can be customized to inflict specific torment on different races. For example, the Sun Set Race is naturally deficient in physical pain sensitivity, so when the curse erupts within their race, it targets their soul.

"There's another principle that was also studied by the Moon Rebel Hall. That is… the curses of different races can be mixed."

"The curses in the bodies of all living beings in the Moon Worship Region aren't static. The curses in the bodies of different races can be overlaid and influenced by mouths and bloodlines."

A strange glint appeared in Xu Qing's eyes. This method opened up many of his thoughts. Before this, he had never thought that curses could be used like this.

For example, someone mixed the curse that mainly targeted souls into a race that wasn't afraid of souls being damaged. After that, the curse of this race was mixed, reducing the torture at the moment it erupted.

"The curses of different races are different, and because of this, there is alternating fusion… This is the principle of the curse-resolving pill."

Xu Qing lowered his head and took out one of the many jade slips in front of him that recorded the curse information. This jade slip described this method and Xu Qing finally understood why the price of the curse-resolving pill was so high and there were very few of them.

"Any curse-resolving pill requires the integration of the characteristics of many races to achieve an all-round offset, allowing the curse of the person who swallowed it to be alleviated."

"In addition, for higher levels, it needs to be custom-made by alchemy masters and concocted according to the characteristics of the customer's race."

"In other words, the curse-resolving pill is actually a curse pill that is mixed with the curse power of many races. However, the details require a large number of concoctions and refinement, so that after these curses are mixed, their might won't be increased but they will offset each other."

"Using the curse to resist the curse and mutually reinforcing to counter it."

Xu Qing sighed with emotion. He understood that the information he had obtained was only the tip of the iceberg of what the Moon Rebel Hall had obtained from those who studied the curse. Even though Xu Qing had only obtained a corner of it, he could deeply sense the wisdom of the Moon Rebel Hall cultivators.

"If this progress continues, perhaps there will really be a day in the future when they can create a pill that perfectly offsets the eruption of the curse. This way, there will be a possibility of escaping this region."

"The prerequisite is that… the Crimson Goddess didn't change the method of curse, and the inheritance of knowledge wasn't lost because of the destruction by the Crimson Goddess."

Xu Qing took a deep breath. After studying this information, he already realized that the curse-resolving pill would be his breakthrough point in the curse.

"I have the power of the same source as the Red Moon. To a certain extent, I can also use this to release the curse. In theory, my blessing not only deepens the curse but also consumes it."

"As for the direction earlier, I went in the wrong direction. I wanted to resolve the curse in one go, but because my Purple Moon level isn't high enough, it's too difficult."

"Then, if I weaken the curse…"

Xu Qing fell silent for a moment before determination appeared in his eyes.

"I need a curse-resolving pill to verify my guess."

With this thought in mind, Xu Qing took out the mirror and entered the Moon Rebel Hall again.

At the next instant, at the foot of the mountain range where the Moon Rebel Hall was located, the eyes of the statue on the altar of a small temple instantly opened.

Xu Qing didn't act rashly. He stood on the altar and first sensed his surroundings. After confirming that there was nothing wrong, he controlled the statue and took a step forward.

After landing, he stretched his body again and checked if there were any changes to the statue.

 It was still filled with cracks and looked the same as before. It was an old man in a long robe with a gourd on his back.

Everything was normal.

Only then did Xu Qing push open the temple's door and walk out.

Looking at the blue sky and bright light here, as well as the statues coming and going, he didn't hesitate and joined them.

This time, his goal was very clear. He wanted to find a curse-resolving pill that he could exchange for. On the way, he passed by the temple where he had traded the poison pills three days ago and instinctively took a look.































































Although there was light in the temple, it seemed that the owner wasn't there.

Xu Qing didn't care too much. He quickly left and looked at other temples. However, there were too many temples here and it was very difficult to check them all at once. Even if he encountered someone selling curse-resolving pills, Xu Qing couldn't satisfy the requirements.

As for the temple that had put the pill on sale for twenty red heavenly fire crystals, when Xu Qing went there, he discovered that the trade was stopped for some reason and outsiders weren't allowed to enter.

Xu Qing felt some regret about this. After searching for a long time, he could only exchange for some information on the curse in other temples before leaving.

Time flowed by and very soon, ten days passed.

During these ten days, Xu Qing digested the information and studied the ferocious beast curse. Almost every day, he would spend half of his time immersed in the Moon Rebel Hall, constantly searching for a curse-resolving pill that he could trade.

During this period, he closely monitored the temple that requested heavenly fire crystals, but it remained closed.

There was also the master who had traded poison pills with Xu Qing to cultivate the Hundred Poison Immunity Body. This Master's temple wasn't closed; it could be entered, but the statue didn't have a spirit.

On several occasions, Xu Qing entered the temple and found that the floating light clusters within had not been updated for a long time. Some of the light clusters were even empty of medicinal herbs.

It was as though after the transaction with Xu Qing was completed, this Master never came to the Moon Rebel Hall again…

"Could there be a problem after taking the poison pill?" Xu Qing was somewhat surprised and also a bit uneasy. He had no enmity with the other party…



However, Xu Qing had clearly reminded the other party.

"I should be thinking too much. After all, those who are cultivating the body that is immune to all poisons are all experts." Xu Qing pondered and felt that he might have been overthinking. Perhaps that Master didn't appear because of other things.

With this thought in mind, Xu Qing left.

In the next few days, the other party still didn't appear…

Until one day, as Xu Qing continued to search for the curse-resolving pill, going in and out of one shimmering temple after another, the entire Moon Rebel Hall suddenly started to tremble.

A dazzling light erupted from the sky, and a terrifying energy fluctuation rose, enveloping the entire Moon Rebel Hall Mountain.

Xu Qing sensed it and walked out of the temple.

He wasn't the only one. At that moment, many statues walked out and looked at the sky.

In the sky, among the nine ancient temples under the sun, the door of one of the temples suddenly opened. Endless light emitted from it, and a huge figure appeared in the temple.

Its appearance caused the entire Moon Rebel Hall to sway. Auspicious colors appeared in the sky and a brilliant light spread out.

"Greetings, Deputy Hall Master!"

Voices filled with respect instantly rang out from the mouths of the statues. After they gathered together, they transformed into a huge sound wave that spread in all directions.

Xu Qing was among them and his heart churned. This was the first time he had seen the higher-ups of the Moon Rebel Hall. Although he couldn't directly sense the exact cultivation level of the Deputy Hall Master due to the barrier of the statue, the fact that this person's presence could cause such a change in the Moon Rebel Hall indicated that their cultivation was undoubtedly extraordinary.

At the same time, as the door of the temple opened and the statue walked out, under the endless light, a deep voice echoed in all directions like thunder.

"I am here to inform you of three things."

"First, the entire Moon Worship Region is experiencing a storm, with cultivators from all over rebelling against their fate. The spark is about to ignite the whole region!"

"Secondly, with our help in the past half a year, we successfully destroyed five Red Moon branch temples and killed 11 divine envoys, dozens of divine servants, and hundreds of divine slaves!"

"Thirdly, according to confirmed news, the ruler's heir and Princess Mingmei have recovered from their injuries. We are trying our best to contact them. Once we succeed in contacting them, our Moon Rebel Hall will welcome glory!"

"Everyone, the Red Moon isn't eternal!"

The voices of the statues echoed and waves of surging emotions rose in the hearts of a large number of statues. Many closed temples even opened. Their masters had returned.

In the end, all the statues spontaneously bowed to the sky and responded with the same words.

"Hope is what lasts forever!"

The sound was so loud that it resounded through the whole world.

The seed of hope was planted again.

 Xu Qing stood among them and looked at the huge statue in the sky. The feeling was extremely intense. After the statue announced these things, it didn't say anything and returned again. The temple door closed.

Although he had left, the information he spread here would spread through the entire Moon Worship Region as quickly as possible.

Xu Qing fell into deep thought. He looked at the excited statues in the surroundings and was about to leave. However, when his gaze swept over, he discovered that the temple that he had been paying attention to for a long time that asked for heavenly fire crystals had also opened.

He immediately flew over. After stepping into the temple, he sensed the ball of light inside and found the exchange point for the curse-resolving pill. Without any hesitation, Xu Qing took out 20 red heavenly fire crystals and completed the transaction.

The moment he obtained the curse-resolving pill, Xu Qing felt at ease. He then turned and left.

At that moment, following the deputy hall master's announcement, all the statues capable of coming returned, making the place lively and bustling.

At a glance, it was as though the gods and demons were dancing in all directions.

However, the temple that had traded poison pills with Xu Qing was still the same…

Xu Qing didn't know what to say. He looked silently, then quickly returned to his own temple and chose to return.

At the same time, in the green sand desert, a colorful light was moving forward rapidly. Behind it, the green sandstorm faintly revealed whiteness.

It was as though the green wind was transforming into white wind!

The parrot inside had a look of horror on its face as it cursed while flying.































































"What the heck, didn't I just take a leisurely flight and got a bit slow, and took a dump in the quicksand pit? How did the wind turn white!"

As the parrot fled in horror and teleported many times in an attempt to escape the sandstorm that was gradually turning white, Xu Qing's figure was revealed in the back room in the earth city of the Bitter Life Mountain Range.

He sat down cross-legged with anticipation in his eyes. He then took out the curse-resolving pill he had traded and observed it attentively.

This pill was colorful and looked very strange, but the curse aura it emitted was very obvious.

Xu Qing didn't act rashly. This curse-resolving pill was too precious and he had no spare means to obtain a second one. He could only thoroughly research the single pill he had.

He first took a look and carefully observed the outer layer of the pill. After that, he placed it in front of him and smelled it again and again. A look of contemplation appeared in his eyes as he quickly analyzed.

"It doesn't feel like it was formed with medicinal herbs."

"But it certainly contains curses, and not just one, but many strands… with the focus being on the material within it."

"It's a substance that can absorb the power of the curse."

Xu Qing continued to analyze.

"The quantity of each curse strand varies, and it should be based on the power of curses from different races, which then transforms into a prescription."



"It's interesting how all these curses are clearly from the same source, but they manifest differently."

"But, in the end, it's still a curse. Although ingesting it can alleviate pain, the curse isn't actually reduced; it multiplies instead."

"Especially as the curse quantity increases, it triggers a lot of chain reactions, such as the consumption of vitality and the decline of cultivation… This is the side effect of the curse-resolving pill."

"Drinking poison to quench thirst…"

Xu Qing sighed with emotion. After that, he lifted his left hand and the Purple Moon power in his body gathered, forming purple threads.

There were about a few hundred of them. After they fluttered in front of him, with a thought from Xu Qing, these purple threads headed straight for the curse-resolving pill.

They quickly pierced into the pill and fused into it. Every thread came into contact with the different curses in the curse-resolving pill and began to imitate them.

This was something impossible for others. However, Xu Qing's Purple Moon came from the same source as the Red Moon, the transformations that the Red Moon could induce, he could also achieve.

However, he previously lacked reference points and sufficient experiments, but now all the answers were contained within the curse-resolving pill. For Xu Qing, this was an unlocked door.

Time slowly passed and Xu Qing's expression became increasingly solemn. The purple threads he emitted were adjusted one by one in this continuous simulation, changing according to different curses.

Throughout the entire process, he was extremely cautious. He controlled the fluctuations of hundreds of threads and did his best not to trigger the curse in the pill.

Six hours later, even under such focused control, there were still some mistakes.

In an instant, this extremely precious curse-resolving pill shook. At the next moment, all the curses churned and collapsed, turning into black ashes that fell to the ground through Xu Qing's fingers.

Xu Qing didn't have any regrets. A strange glint appeared in his eyes. In these six hours, he had completed simulating all the curse power of more than 300 different races contained in this curse-resolving pill.

He looked at the black ashes on the ground, and let out a soft exclamation. He pinched a handful and held it in front of him, finding it more and more familiar.

"This is…"

Xu Qing's eyes flashed as he took out a pouch and poured out the black ashes inside. After comparing them, he discovered that both were exactly the same.

Xu Qing's black ashes were obtained from the ferocious beasts. It was what their bodies transformed into after the curses had fully erupted. Back then, he hadn't felt it had any use, but he had stored it away.

From the looks of it, this was the material used to absorb the curse.

"In other words, every curse-resolving pill uses the bones of a cursed lifeform as the basic ingredient."

Xu Qing fell silent. A long time later, he grabbed a lump of black ash and the Purple Moon power in his body spread out, transforming into hundreds of threads that quickly fused into it. According to his previous research, he quickly simulated wisps of different curses and attached them to the black ash.

During this process, the ball of black ash began to shrink. The color on it gradually changed until it became multicolored. Its size also changed.

Xu Qing squeezed and an irregular pill appeared in his palm.

On the surface, it looked similar to the curse-resolving pill and its aura was exactly the same. However, its essence was different.

 This was because all the curses in it were actually formed by Xu Qing's Purple Moon power.

"If I were to compare the Red Moon's curse to an enemy army, the current state of my purple energy is like changing into an enemy's clothes and altering my appearance. This way, it's difficult for the enemy to discover the truth, allowing me to successfully blend in with them."

"Using this method, it can instantly erupt from within the enemy army, thus neutralizing some of the curse before they can devour it."

Xu Qing's thoughts were clear. He took out an experimental ferocious beast. It was a scorpion. After it appeared, it shivered and didn't dare to raise its tail.

Xu Qing took a look and placed the pill in his hand beside its mouth.

"Eat."

Xu Qing calmly spoke.

The scorpion didn't dare to refuse and could only obediently swallow it. After that, its body trembled even more. In just over ten breaths of time, it collapsed and turned into black ashes.

"The disguise wasn't successful."

Xu Qing frowned. After recalling the refinement process earlier, he took out the black ash again and adjusted it slightly before continuing to refine.

Days passed and Xu Qing's attempts continued. Every time he failed, he would make minor adjustments. Finally, on the dusk of the tenth day, his pill successfully disguised itself.































































The ferocious beast that ate the pill didn't collapse. In fact, the curse in its body even stabilized.

Xu Qing's heart stirred as he looked at the curse-resolving pill he had made. This was the result of his painstaking research over the past six months.

While there were still some differences due to the approach he had taken, the results were not far from the authentic curse-resolving pill.

"The direction of the curse-resolving pill is to alleviate the pain of the curse. My direction… is to completely neutralize the curse, and alleviating the pain is only a side effect."

"Even if I can't do it now, this method shouldn't be wrong."

"In addition, my Purple Moon power also needs to be improved… I also have to gather more information about the curse. Only then can it be gradually perfected."

Xu Qing had an expectant expression. With a wave of his hand, he was about to refine more curse-resolving pills. However, at the next instant, he suddenly raised his head and a sharp glint appeared in his eyes as he looked outside.

With a sway of his body, he disappeared from the back room. When he reappeared, he was already beside the counter of the apothecary.

Ling'er was happily recording the accounts. When she sensed Xu Qing's appearance, her body immediately turned white and entered Xu Qing's sleeve.

The Diamond Sect's ancestor also showed a sharp expression. When he locked onto a direction, Xu Qing's expression softened slightly, and he looked out the window.

A colorful light appeared out of thin air. After that, it entered the apothecary in a flash and appeared beside the foot-long Xiaomiao.

Xiaomiao shook and didn't dare to move at all. The five-colored light transformed into a parrot and a proud voice rang out from its mouth.

"Once the parrot was born, what's so special about father? Quickly call for father, I am here"



After saying that, the parrot looked at Xu Qing arrogantly.

"Hey, you there, um, what's your name? Chen-something-Niu wants me to tell you to go light something up."

"Light something up?" Xu Qing furrowed his brows, not quite understanding what the parrot meant.

"How the hell would I know what to light? So-and-so asked me to tell you to light a fire, so get to it!"

The parrot spoke proudly. After that, it turned its head and took a bite of Xiaomiao, eating it noisily.

Xiaomiao shook and didn't dare to dodge.

Ling'er hurriedly crawled out of Xu Qing's sleeve and glared at the parrot.

"Shut up!"

The parrot cast a sidelong glance at Ling'er, then at Xu Qing. It raised its head, adopted a classic pose, pointed its beak toward them, and continued to look proud.

"I won't!"

The Diamond Sect's ancestor instantly moved over. However, the instant he got close, the parrot suddenly disappeared and teleported to the other side of Xiaomiao, taking another bite.

"I won't!"

This speed shocked even the Diamond Sect's ancestor. Just as he was about to continue chasing, the parrot continued to blink and teleport around Xiaomiao, taking bite after bite.

"I won't, won't, won't, won't!"

Just as the parrot was feeling smug, its body suddenly trembled. Its small eyes widened and it coughed up a mouthful of blood.

"I… gah…"

"You're poisonous!!"

It glared angrily at Xiaomiao, causing it to tremble. The parrot coughed up blood again and its body began to rot. It also sensed that it wasn't that Xiaomiao was poisonous but that there was poison in its surroundings. Hence, just as it was about to speak, it fell head first. After it landed on the ground, it looked at Xu Qing in horror.

At the same time, Xiaomiao quickly pulled out its roots and jumped down, crazily stepping on the parrot to take revenge.

The parrot wailed and wanted to escape, but it couldn't do so. It could only continue to roll on the ground until the Diamond Sect's ancestor appeared. The parrot didn't dare to move anymore, its eyes filled with incomparable fear.

Xiaomiao didn't dare to continue. It slowly crawled back and planted itself back.

Xu Qing was expressionless. He sat at the side and looked at the parrot struggling on the ground.

 "Now, can you talk properly?"

The parrot nodded rapidly. It finally understood why its father was afraid of this person in front of him. This person was unreasonable and even poisoned his own people.

"Martial Uncle Xu, can you detoxify the poison for me first…" After saying that, the parrot coughed up blood again. It was on the verge of death and its body was about to rot.

Xu Qing waved his hand. Most of the poison in the parrot's body dissipated and it instantly perked up. However, after Xu Qing's gaze swept over, its body trembled and it hurriedly became obedient.

"Martial Uncle Xu, I was wrong. Martial Uncle Erniu really asked me to tell you to light the fire. I don't know what it is either. It seems to be related to the sun."

Xu Qing fell into deep thought and looked at the parrot. The other party's speed earlier surprised him a little, so he asked.

"What abilities do you have?"

"I can teleport. I'm the fastest among my father's descendants, and my teleportation ability is not affected by any adverse conditions or sealed places. In the past, when my father was in danger, I always teleported him away. In short, I… I mean, I can teleport."

After the parrot finished speaking, it carefully looked at Xu Qing.

Xu Qing nodded and was about to speak when he sensed something and walked to the window.

The wind blew from the horizon into the earth city. The house trembled and the wooden door swayed. It also blew onto Xu Qing's face, lifting his hair.

In the distant world, a storm connected to the sky. The sandy wind was like a sea of fog, constantly churning and spreading. Bolts of lightning flashed inside and rumbled back in all directions.

It was as though there was a god inside, driving the sandstorm forward. Wherever it passed, the sky would change color and the wind and clouds would stir.

It was a sandstorm.

Its color was rapidly changing from green to white.

The howling sound at this moment reverberated intensely, as if the heavens wept, and the earth mourned, as if they were to bury all living beings, with all creation as their funeral offerings.

A terrifying pressure descended on the entire desert as the white sandstorm appeared.

It swept through the ground, covered the sky, and affected the Bitter Life Mountain Range, causing everything in the outside world to be hazy white at this moment, emitting a dense ominous feeling.

Xu Qing's gaze was solemn. He lowered his head and looked at his feet. The shadow was hunting outside and hadn't returned…































































"Green wind changing color…"

Xu Qing mumbled to himself and his gaze deepened. The white wind outside the window made him feel a little uneasy.

Any changes in the world were either related to the world's laws or the interference of unimaginable powers, such as the eruption of the Heavenly Fire Sea, or the wind in the green desert at this moment.

"Is there a connection between the two?"

Xu Qing's understanding of the Moon Worship Region was ultimately too little and there were too many things in this world that couldn't be explained. At that moment, in silence, Xu Qing lifted his hand and stretched out the window, catching a grain of white sand in the wind and bringing it in front of him.

This sand was pure white and seemed to have a life of its own. It struggled in Xu Qing's hand and after discovering that it couldn't break free, it actually tried to pierce into Xu Qing's skin.

A golden light flashed in Xu Qing's right hand, stopping the sand from entering as he observed carefully.

A long time later, Xu Qing saw some clues. This white sand… looked more like an insect egg.

"Could it be that the green wind changed its color because an unknown existence dispersed its eggs, causing it to sweep through the entire desert and absorb nutrients?"

Xu Qing revealed a contemplative expression. However, this was only his judgment and there was no evidence.

As for whether the sand was an insect egg or not, it was only Xu Qing's senses without concrete evidence. After all, there were many strange things in the world, and one's senses may not always be reliable.

Ling'er also revealed her head at this moment and looked outside with awe in her eyes. She could also sense the ominous intent contained in the white sandstorm.

Seeing Xu Qing's expression, the parrot felt a little guilty. It blinked but didn't tell him about its feces.

A long time later, Xu Qing retracted his gaze from the sand and looked at the parrot.



The parrot shuddered and hurriedly stood up straight.

"You can bring others with you when you teleport?"

Xu Qing calmly spoke.

"I can!" the parrot exclaimed loudly, but deep down, it thought, 'I can, but it depends on my mood.'

"Where is the captain?" Xu Qing continued to ask.

"He's on the west side of this region, near the shore of the Sacrificial Yin River," the parrot quickly replied.

Xu Qing didn't ask anymore. Although he didn't know what the captain meant by lighting something up, since it was related to the sun, it should require his power of the Golden Crow.

"I can make a trip, but the shadow hasn't returned yet."

Because of Xu Qing's research on curses, the shadow often went out to hunt for him. Sometimes, it would return in a day or two, and sometimes, it would take five to six days.

Xu Qing lifted his head and looked at the hazy whiteness between heaven and earth in the distance. He called out to the shadow but there was no response. This sandstorm isolated everything.

Xu Qing could only rely on the faint connection to sense that the shadow was far away and didn't move much.

If the parrot could return before the wind blew, logically speaking, it was impossible for the shadow to be stupid enough to be indifferent when it saw Bai Feng.

"Brother Xu Qing, about Little Shadow…" Ling'er looked at Xu Qing, feeling a little worried.

"Something should have happened. Let's go take a look."

Xu Qing spoke calmly, glancing back at the small apothecary. He tidied up the items, pushed open the apothecary's door, and locked it behind him as he walked out. After some consideration, he also found a sign and wrote a message indicating that the shop would be closed for a few months before hanging it up.

Only then did he leave.

The parrot and the Diamond Sect's ancestor had already flown out. One followed beside him and the other carefully landed on Xu Qing's shoulder.

Xu Qing didn't bother with them and walked in the city.

There were not many pedestrians on the streets, and those who were out were kneeling and muttering.

The white sandstorm was blowing past the residences in earth city. Most of the houses' doors were closed.

The residents and the cultivators from the small forces in the surroundings wouldn't go out when the white sandstorm arrived unless they had no choice.

 Only those deformed people would walk in the wind and kowtow repeatedly to the white world.

"White Goddess awakens, serene by the fire river."

"Divine child descends, to save the suffering below."

"Amidst countless stars, our hearts remain aglow."

"I'm willing to become the earth, nurturing all we know."

Whispers rang out from the mouths of those deformed people who were kowtowing to the white wind. They were filled with persistence and piety. As they kowtowed, they unbuttoned the wide clothes that covered their bodies, revealing an extremely exaggerated and ugly body.

Their bodies were a shocking sight, as though they had once grown disorderly. A large number of meat strips hung down, and some even had limbs and faces on their stomachs.

The meat strips all rose on their own and swayed in all directions.

This scene caused the parrot to gasp and its eyes to widen.

Xu Qing's gaze swept over and his expression was as calm as ever. He had already sensed it when he arrived here earlier. Now, he wasn't too surprised and walked past these deformed people who were kowtowing and muttering.

Step by step, he walked out of earth city and arrived at the cliff at the edge.

From here, the world was a blurry white. The whimpering wind wreaked havoc and circled around, and the entire world seemed to have turned into a white sea. Countless grains of sand moved with the wind, blowing on Xu Qing's body and landing in his clothes, drilling into his flesh and blood.

However, at the next instant, golden light flashed from Xu Qing's body and all the sand fell.

After sensing the direction of the shadow, Xu Qing tightened his collar and moved forward. His entire person transformed into a rainbow and left the Bitter Life Mountain Range, stepping into the desert.

His robe fluttered and the wind and sand drowned him.

In the desert, Xu Qing sped forward. In this sandstorm, there was an endless amount of sand that enveloped him from all directions. He also faintly sensed waves of greed growing from all things.

There was also the power of vitality that filled the world, causing the bodies of all living beings here to grow uncontrollably under this invasion.

The sand wanted to crawl in at all times, wanting to parasitize flesh and blood.

"The white wind carries the power of catalysis."

"If the sand is indeed insect eggs, it can explain the catalytic effect. This is catalyzing all living creatures to become hosts for the insect eggs."

"The vast majority of catalysts will eventually be sucked dry and die."

"Only a few of them could escape after finding a mountain peak to hide. Hence, there were those deformed people in the various earth cities in the Bitter Life Mountain Range."

"However, their body conditions are irreversible and coexist with the insect eggs in their bodies. Those meat strips should be formed by the insect eggs."

Walking in the midst of the sandy winds, Xu Qing silently sensed and comprehended. Simultaneously, he released his Poison Restriction power, extending it beyond his body, creating the only black presence within this expanse of white sandstorm.

The moment all the sand and gravel came into contact with the black fog, they would emit sizzling sounds. After that, they would be dyed red and land on the ground like they were dead.

However, there were too much gravel. Xu Qing understood that even if he had some ways to resist, he couldn't stay in this white desert for too long. Hence, his speed increased.

Just like that, six hours slowly passed.

There weren't many cultivators in the white desert. It was as though Xu Qing was the only one walking in the desert.

The ground was also different from what Xu Qing had seen in the past.

In the past, there was very little vegetation in the green sand desert. However, now, in this white sandstorm, white grass grew on the ground. Those grass grew rapidly. At first, they were the length of a finger but soon, they reached the height of half a person.

Endless white grass swayed in the wind. As for the scene of this storm coexisting with the grassland, Xu Qing had never seen it elsewhere.

This lasted until the white grass bloomed with flowers that were as white as cotton. They were like dandelions that were blown by the wind, or white feathers fluttering through the world.

The color of the wind became even whiter.

The greed in the sand grew increasingly intense. The white wind, white sand, and white fur filled the sky. What intensified further was the catalysis within this desert. In this wind, Xu Qing could feel every inch of his flesh and blood within him, exhibiting signs of spontaneous transformation and movement.

It was as though it wanted to separate its body and continue growing until it collapsed.

This malice that came from all directions caused Xu Qing to frown. He stopped in his tracks and the power of the Poison Restriction in his body spread out.

Ten feet, thirty feet… In the blink of an eye, Xu Qing spread his poison to 100 feet, forming a black storm. After that, he continued to speed according to his perception.

He had already sensed the location of the shadow and the distance between them was getting closer, causing the connection between them to increase. The shadow clearly sensed Xu Qing as well. Hence, it intermittently scattered grievances and cries for help.

Xu Qing's eyes turned cold. His previous judgment wasn't wrong. Something had indeed happened to the shadow. Hence, his body swayed and he sped up.

At that moment, the shadow was wailing in pain in the white sandstorm that was some distance away from Xu Qing.

Under normal circumstances, all living beings wouldn't be able to hear its voice, but it was different now.

It was restricted to the ground!

A bronze dagger stained with golden blood nailed it to the white grass. No matter how it struggled, it was useless and it couldn't break free at all.

Every time it struggled, the dagger would emit a golden light, forming a falling force that continuously suppressed it. Every time it was suppressed, the shadow would be heavily injured again and again.

The black curtain it transformed into was covered in countless dandelions. They merged with it, their roots delving deep into the shadow's body, constantly devouring its vitality and forcibly assimilating it.

This was the reason why the shadow wailed in pain.

There were more than ten figures beside the shadow.

They wore white robes and stood in the sandstorm, their appearances hidden. Their robes covered everything and isolated them from the surrounding sandstorm.

Only its white eyes were revealed as it stared coldly into the distance.

"Is your master not here yet?" In the crowd, the cultivator at the front glanced at the struggling shadow on the ground. After saying calmly, he raised his hand and performed a series of hand seals, pointing at the dagger.

Immediately, the dagger nailed to the shadow's body flickered and sank another inch deeper, emitting more golden light. The shadow's screams also became even more heart-rending.

"Your voice isn't pleasant enough."

Hearing the shadow's cry, the white-robed man was indifferent and calmly spoke.

After that, he was about to continue suppressing it. However, at this moment, he seemed to have sensed something and lifted his head, his gaze landing on the horizon.

The dozen or so companions beside him also sensed it one after another and coldly looked into the distance.

The shadow was excited and let out a cry for help.

A black storm appeared in the distant world.

It was like the source of taint. Regardless of whether it was dandelions or sand, they would instantly change color when they got close to this storm.

The white dandelions turned black, as did the sand granules. They surrounded the storm and became part of the black storm.

Wherever the storm passed, the white grass would instantly turn black and wither.

It was like an emissary of death who had descended into the world.

When those white-robed men saw this scene, their hearts trembled.

They were originally filled with confidence as they waited for the shadow's owner. However, now that they saw this black color, they instinctively thought of the legend of the green sand desert.

All of them instantly became vigilant. Even the white-robed cultivator leading the group held his breath as a solemn expression appeared in his eyes. He stared at the rapidly approaching black storm and the blurry figure that appeared step by step and let out a low shout.

"Halt!"

The storm didn't stop. The figure inside still walked over with a terrifying aura.

A cold voice that didn't contain any emotions came out from the storm. It was like an icy cold wind that blew through the world.

"You all have a death wish!"































































As Xu Qing's words resonated, the black storm roared and enveloped the area, accompanied by bolts of lightning coursing through it, creating numerous arcs of electric light that spread across the land.

His momentum was awe-inspiring, and the heavens and the earth changed in color.

The shadow shivered intensely from excitement.

It was touched.

At this moment, it felt that all its previous hardships and efforts were worth it. Its master had not given up on it. Even among these white-robed individuals who had imprisoned it, there were three at the Nascent Soul stage, and the leader was even a Dao Nurturing Spirit Repository expert.

However, Master still chose to save it.

Hence, it hurriedly transmitted its emotions, releasing all its gratitude, grievances, and pain. Its struggle became even more intense.

As for the blurry figure in the storm, it walked over step by step. As it got closer, the terrifying pressure became increasingly intense.

White appeared more often in the storms in the green sand desert, but the black color hadn't descended for hundreds of years.

However, at that moment, this black storm was clearly reflected in the eyes of this group of white-robed people. They couldn't help but be surprised.

This was especially so when they noticed that regardless of whether it was the dandelions or the sand, their colors instantly changed the moment they got close to the storm, becoming a part of it.

All of this was exactly the same as the legendary black wind.

Everyone was shocked and looked at the blurry figure in the storm. Some of them had already instinctively retreated.



Their race was different from the other races and had the mission to protect the desert. Most of the ferocious beasts in the green sand desert were their pets.

This was also the reason why they targeted the shadow.

In the past half a year, the shadow had continuously captured the ferocious beasts in the desert. This matter caused their race to be dissatisfied. However, because white wind didn't appear, they couldn't rashly go out due to the ancient alliance.

They had been paying attention to the shadow and confirmed the shadow's abilities through some ancient books. Hence, after the white wind appeared, this team that was prepared to deal with the shadow received a mission from the race. They held a holy artifact that had been bestowed and nailed the shadow to the ground.

Originally, at this point, their mission had been completed. They only needed to bring the shadow back for punishment.

However, the white-robed man who led the group didn't want to end it just like that. He could tell that the shadow had an owner, so he wanted to take advantage of this rare opportunity where they were let out and capture the shadow and its owner.

However, the appearance of the black storm made all of them feel uneasy.

They had lived in the desert for generations and had the innate talent to ignore the invasion of the white wind. Their understanding of this desert far surpassed that of outsiders.

They understood very well what the black storm represented.

At that moment, the white-robed man in the lead stared fixedly at the blurry figure in the storm. In his eyes, the other party's cultivation fluctuations weren't very high but that black storm made him wary.

Hence, he didn't act rashly. Instead, he made a gesture that only his clansmen could understand and spoke in a low voice.

"Over the past six months, you have been making your malevolent spirit slaughter our race's pets, disrupting the desert's environment, and stealing our sustenance."

"Such actions are unforgivable for our race, so I have been ordered to capture this malevolent spirit. At the same time, on behalf of our race's ancestor and others, I must ask you one question: What do you intend to do?"

"My race has no enmity with you. You have to give my race an explanation for this!"

The blurry figure in the storm stopped in his tracks.

Xu Qing was a reasonable person. The other party's words seemed to make sense. Hence, he thought about it and calmly spoke.

"Alright, what compensation do you want?"

The white-robed man narrowed his eyes in surprise. He didn't expect the other party to really agree. Hence, after some thought, he spoke.

"First of all, there are a total of 531 pets of my race that you snatched away. Each of them is worth 100,000 spirit stones!"

"Secondly, we will take this evil spirit away."

Upon hearing this, the shadow was suddenly startled, and it emanated a sense of fear. However, in the next moment, it seemed to have detected something, swiftly surveying its surroundings. It then pretended not to have noticed and continued to display fear, continuing its wailing.

The blurry figure in the storm fell silent for a moment before shaking his head.

 "I can't afford it. Can you reduce it?"

The white-robed man glanced at the storm and then at Xu Qing.

"If you give us the method to form this storm, we can reduce the spirit stones compensation by 30%. However, we have to have this evil spirit."

Xu Qing remained silent. He couldn't afford this either.

It wasn't that he was unreasonable but that the other party was unreasonable.

Since they were unreasonable, there was no need for him to compensate.

Xu Qing's heart was calm as he took a step forward.

However, the instant he took this step, the white-robed man suddenly leaped up. The dozen or so companions beside him performed hand seals at the same time. Immediately, the white sandstorm in the surroundings skyrocketed and gathered from all directions, blasting toward the black storm.

"It's been a long time since we went out. Are the cultivators outside so stupid these days? They actually gave us a chance to set up a formation."

The white-robed man sneered inwardly as he attacked together with his fellow race members, forming an astonishing white storm. It actually vaguely formed the phantom of a huge worm in the air and roared as it devoured the black storm and the figure inside.

A rumbling sound echoed.

However, these white-robed people, whose attention was all on the black storm, didn't notice the abnormal changes in the shadow.

A figure completely concealed and impervious to detection was crouching beside the shadow, observing the dagger stuck into the shadow, having been studying it for a while.

This person was none other than Xu Qing.

As for the existence in the storm, it was the Diamond Sect's ancestor.

Xu Qing knew that since they could trap the shadow, they were naturally not simple people. He guessed that there would be a trap. Hence, he had made the Diamond Sect's ancestor to appear in the storm in his place to attract attention.

As for himself, he hid and quietly arrived.

He originally wanted to silently save the shadow and leave, but the golden dagger was extraordinary. Not only could the aura spreading from it suppress the shadow, but even Xu Qing's heart was pounding.

He could sense that this dagger seemed to be driven by the power of bloodline. If he didn't have the corresponding bloodline, it would be difficult to move it. It had a subtle glint, as though it could sense the external world, and if the user didn't meet its requirements, it would instantly reject them.

Hence, he was studying how to pull it out.

"Not having the required bloodline means not only will you be unable to remove it upon contact, but it will also detect your presence and retaliate," he muttered.

"The flickering glint on the blade is its response to the user, switching between light and dark in an instant. Given my speed, it's not guaranteed that I can pull it out in that brief moment of opportunity."

"There's only one chance. In that case… I can only use the Time Statis!"

Xu Qing's eyes gleamed as a rumbling sound echoed in the distance. The black storm was torn apart by the white worm and the figure inside retreated, transforming into a fishbone that entered the desert and disappeared. The power of the sundial in Xu Qing's body erupted.

He locked onto the dagger and froze it.

In the next moment, during the flickering transition of the dagger's glint, there was a sudden pause. This pause was the instant when there was no glint on the dagger. Xu Qing swiftly raised his right hand and grabbed the dagger.

His cultivation erupted and his physical strength surged as he ruthlessly pulled upward.

In the blink of an eye, he pulled out the dagger. The shadow cheered and its entire body swayed. Immediately, all the dandelions on its body disappeared. It quickly returned to Xu Qing's feet and hid itself.

After doing this, Xu Qing immediately put the dagger into his storage bag. He didn't even turn his head as he turned and ran with all his might. His speed was astonishing and the Diamond Sect's ancestor also returned quickly.

As for the white-robed people in the distance, the instant the black storm was destroyed, they sensed the abnormality in the shadow and their expressions changed drastically.

"This is fake!"

As they let out furious shouts, these white-robed cultivators chased after Xu Qing. At this moment, the earth also fluctuated and terrifying fluctuations of the perfected Spirit Repository spread out from the desert.

The experts of this race had clearly sensed what was happening outside and were rushing over.

At this critical moment, the parrot swayed and wanted to escape first.

It didn't care about Xu Qing's life or death. Right now, it was feeling smug inwardly. It thought to itself that it had already completed the task of passing the message. Since Xu Qing dared to poison it, he couldn't expect it to save him. His death had nothing to do with it.

However, the instant it was about to teleport, Xu Qing grabbed it and calmly spoke.

"Teleport!"

The parrot felt the pain and cursed in its mind. Helpless, it could only hurriedly teleport with them, but it was a little slow.

Xu Qing frowned and squeezed hard. The parrot instantly let out a screech. After a feather turned to ashes, it erupted with the power of teleportation.

All the restrictions in the surroundings were ignored as it instantly disappeared with Xu Qing.

Only the ashes of the feather scattered with the wind.

At the next moment, this place rumbled and a huge vortex appeared on the desert. It emitted astonishing fluctuations that contained anger that swept in all directions.

It wasn't just this place. In other directions of the desert, similar vortexes also appeared and they probed with all their might.

As for the parrot's teleportation, it was clearly bragging before. Its range wasn't very large, and at this moment, it appeared hundreds of kilometers away.

However, it didn't matter. Xu Qing had long expected this. Almost at the instant it appeared, he ruthlessly squeezed it again.

The parrot screeched in agony, shedding more feathers, and teleported once more.

Just like that, under Xu Qing's request and actions, the parrot would shed its feathers every time it appeared. The teleportation also continued like this, bringing Xu Qing along as it sped toward the edge of the desert.

In the end, the parrot's wails didn't have much strength left and it began to curse.

"You are no better than a beast, a heartless lunatic!"

"You, you, you! You're not worth anything. You're like a shadow bitten by a dog, devoid of any human essence!"

"You've gone too far! You're a stone in a chicken coop, you scoundrel! I'm going to die. Dad, save me!"

After dozens of teleportations, the parrot, which had already arrived at the edge of the green sand desert, didn't have much breath left.

"Please, don't be like this. I'm just a child. I really can't take it anymore…"

Its body trembled violently, and the fear within had reached its peak. Its feathers were almost gone, leaving its body nearly bare.

In this moment, as it gazed at Xu Qing, its small eyes were filled with terror. It believed that the expressionless figure before it was the most monstrous creature on this earth, the most horrifying menace beneath the sky.

'Bastard!'































































The parrot wailed inwardly but it didn't dare to continue cursing. Instead, it cried and begged.

"Martial Uncle, I really can't do it anymore. I can't continue. Please spare me…"

Xu Qing glanced at the parrot.

"Martial Uncle, I, I… I relied on the feathers on my body to teleport. I'm still young and haven't gotten married. Look, I don't have many feathers on me. The other birds will laugh at me when they see me."

The parrot cried. It wasn't lying about this. It did rely on its feathers for teleportation, and in the past, it had always been very proud of its colorful feathers.

Occasionally encountering other birds, it would feel a sense of superiority, looking down on those oddities with mixed feathers.

From what it knew, it was the most beautiful bird in the world.

But now… as it looked at its bare body, grief and indignation filled its mind.

When Xu Qing heard this, he sensed the fluctuations of pursuit in the distance. He then swept his gaze across the remaining dozen or so feathers on the parrot's body.

"Aren't there a few left?"

His right hand continued to clench.

"I curse you a miserable death!" The parrot let out a blood-curdling cry and teleported again, disappearing into the white sandstorm with Xu Qing. A feather landed and turned into dust that was blown away by the wind.

At the next instant, Xu Qing's figure appeared hundreds of kilometers away. Before the parrot could speak, Xu Qing squeezed again.



Miserable cries continued to echo…

After more than ten times, when there was only one feather left on the parrot's body, Xu Qing finally shook off the pursuit of the strange race in the white wind with the help of the parrot.

He was less than 15 kilometers away from the edge of the desert.

In this location, the white wind was much thinner than deep within the desert, and the drifting dandelions became scarce as well.

Xu Qing heaved a sigh of relief.

As for the parrot, it now lay limp in Xu Qing's hand, resembling a mass of flesh. Its expression was devoid of life, ashen, and its body had numerous small red spots.

Each of those small spots had once been a lush feather, but now… only a single feather remained, solitary, perched on its wing.

Looking at the only feather it had left, the parrot looked dazed. When it set off a few months ago, it never dreamed that this journey would bring it such an experience.

"Thank you." Xu Qing glanced at the parrot and spoke softly.

It would have been fine if he hadn't thanked it. Now that he said this, the parrot cried again.

"My feathers… How am I going to get married in the future? The other birds will definitely look down on me…"

Xu Qing thought that the parrot could be quite useful. He pondered whether he should have a chat with Wu Jianwu when he returned, perhaps borrowing it for several decades. However, he wasn't sure if the parrot's feathers would genuinely regrow. So, he offered some comforting words to it.

"It's fine. They'll grow back."

"Although they will, it's very, very slow…" The parrot continued to cry.

Xu Qing fell into deep thought.

As for the only feather on the parrot's wing, it kept swaying. Ling'er's heart softened when she saw this.

"Brother Xu Qing, it is quite pitiful. There's only a feather left. We indeed didn't consider its feelings."

When the parrot heard this, it was touched. Just as it was about to nod, Ling'er sighed softly.

"This is actually even uglier. Why don't we teleport again, Brother Xu Qing?"

When the parrot heard this, its eyes widened and it instantly flew into a rage as it screamed at Ling'er.

"Bats with chicken feathers, what kind of bird are you?"

"Got a big brother and a second brother, who are you!"

 "Monkeys with diarrhea, your guts are all messed up!!"

The parrot only had one feather left. At this moment, its heart was directly touched by Ling'er's soft-heartedness and it instantly went crazy.

Ling Er shrank back against Xu Qing's collar and spoke softly, feeling a bit aggrieved.

"Brother Xu Qing, it's so fierce but you can't blame it. It's still a child. I should have said something wrong…"

When the shadow heard this, it instantly spread out, enveloping the surroundings of the parrot and emitting an unfriendly aura.

The Diamond Sect's ancestor flew out and locked onto the parrot.

The parrot shivered and felt even more grief and indignation. At that moment, the only thing it wanted was to hurry up and return to its father's place. It missed its father.

Xu Qing raised his hand to gently pat Ling'er and ignored the parrot. Instead, he turned his gaze towards the distance, a dark glint flashed in his eyes. In that direction, he sensed a familiar fluctuation.

"Little Shadow."

Xu Qing calmly spoke.

The shadow quickly swayed. After sensing it, its body distorted and the outline of an old man appeared on the ground. There were also two moons behind the old man, as though they were chasing after him.

"Li Youfei?"

Muttering to himself, Xu Qing remembered that he had left a shadow eye on the other person. The fluctuation he was sensing right now was indeed from him.

After pondering for a few breaths, Xu Qing moved closer to the source of the fluctuations.

Back then, Xu Qing chose not to kill Li Youfei. He left the shadow eye as a means of observation, and the other person had indeed proven to be consistent in character, with more righteousness than villainy. He had also not revealed Xu Qing's whereabouts.

Hence, Xu Qing retracted his killing intent and let the shadow continue to observe while he immersed himself in studying the curse.

Now that they had crossed paths and Li Youfei was being pursued by Red Moon Shrine cultivators, Xu Qing decided to go and take a look. Most importantly, the opportunity to encounter two isolated Red Moon divine slaves was a rare one.

Xu Qing had already studied too many ferocious beast curses, and wanted to study the bodies of the shrine cultivators.

"According to my calculations in the past half a year or so, perhaps the Red Moon Shrine cultivators don't have any curses in their bodies? Or maybe there are very few curses? And there's a greater possibility that I can absorb them…"































































Xu Qing licked his lips and hid in the wind, preparing to hunt.

Dozens of kilometers away, at the edge of the green sand desert, a flesh monster was speeding.

Its body was as large as 50 feet tall, like a mountain of flesh. It had more than ten arms and seven to eight sarcomas that looked like heads.

On one of the sarcomas hanging on its chest, there was an unrecognizable face.

From the details, it could be seen that it was Li Youfei.

However, at that moment, his face was pale and his aura was weak. His body had undergone serious mutations and his injuries were equally adverse. It was as though every breath of circulation of his cultivation base would cause intense pain in his internal organs and he would occasionally spurt out blood uncontrollably.

This was especially so for the wound on his chest. There was a puncture wound there and many of his bones had shattered.

What was even more astonishing was that there were still a large number of dandelions on his body, and they were crazily absorbing his life. At the same time, countless strips of flesh grew out of his body and dragged all over the ground. Moreover, they were still spreading and growing.

All of this made him look extremely bizarre.

This was the result of being in the white sandstorm.

Behind him, two red figures were chasing after him unhurriedly.

The fluctuations of Nascent Soul energy spread out and red fog surrounded them. With the enhancement from the power of the Red Moon, the two divine slaves were unfazed by the white sandstorm.

They could have easily caught up, but now they were strolling leisurely, as if they were walking their dogs.



"Li Youfei, run faster. The border of the desert is just ahead."

"After you step out of the boundary, you won't have to be tortured by this white goddess wind. There are still tens of kilometers left, you will reach there soon."

"Even if you manage to escape from here, the curse of my master on you is on the brink of eruption. Remind me later whether it's the pain of my master's curse or the fury of this white goddess wind that afflicts you more."

"Or perhaps you could beg us, and we might just have a moment of compassion, and put an end to you right away."

The two divine slaves had a cruel look in their eyes. They had accidentally encountered Li Youfei in the white wind, and he had some reputation in their temple.

After all, over the years, this person had been killing rogue cultivators who tried to side with the shrine. While he hadn't caused any major trouble, he had been a nuisance.

However, such minor players were suitable for baiting, so the big shots didn't bother to act until the fish took the bait. And this person was skilled at hiding, which is why he had managed to stay alive until now.

However, to the two of them, Li Youfei still had some value.

If they could torment him to death, forcing the curse to erupt, then the transformed remains could fetch them some rewards from the temple.

That was why they were moving leisurely.

At that moment, Li Youfei's heart was filled with despair.

He knew he was in a hopeless situation. While the white sandstorm had helped him evade those he had offended in the Bitter Life Mountain Range and deterred them from pursuing him, it had also inflicted severe harm upon him.

His already injured body became weaker and weaker. The appearance of the divine slaves from the Red Moon Shrine also caused the last trace of hope in his heart to dim.

"I can't escape…"

Li Youfei smiled bitterly. He had experienced twists and turns in the Bitter Life Mountain Range all these years because he wanted to join the Moon Rebel Hall. However, it wasn't easy to kill divine slaves, and finding them alone was even rarer.

So, he had always been one short, until recently when he discovered that the top cultivator among the rogue cultivators in the Bitter Life Mountain Range had a disciple who had secretly become a divine slave. He took the risk to ambush him.

However, before he could take the corpse away after killing him, the other party's master's divine consciousness descended and caused his body to collapse.

The latter then started chasing his main body.

If not for the arrival of the white wind, obscuring his traces, he would undoubtedly have met his end.

In the end, he had no choice but to flee into the wind, all the way up to this point. After experiencing profound despair, his eyes now revealed determination and ruthlessness.

"Even if I die, I'll drag one of them down with me!"

Li Youfei's killing intent was intense. Just as he intended to bait the two Red Moon divine slaves behind him, a miserable scream suddenly rang out from behind him.

 This scream was filled with horror. Even the howling wind couldn't suppress it as it echoed in all directions.

Li Youfei was stunned. He instinctively turned his head and saw a scene that caused his pupils to narrow!

In the white wind behind him, a huge palm suddenly appeared. This palm was completely purple and was the size of a person. It actually grabbed a divine slave and dragged him into the wind.

The entire process was extremely fast. The divine slave actually couldn't struggle at all. Only a miserable scream rang out. Moreover, when it was pulled into the wind, the divine slave's body rapidly withered as though its vitality had been devoured.

As for the other divine slave, his expression changed drastically as though he had sensed something unbelievable. His body trembled intensely and horror appeared in his eyes.

Li Youfei's breathing was hurried. He didn't know the exact reason for this scene but he understood that this was a chance to survive. Hence, he didn't hesitate and ignored the seriousness of his injuries. All his cultivation base instantly erupted as he rushed forward.

In an instant, he distanced himself and fled crazily, leaving this place.

However, within this storm, the other divine slave had no intention of paying any heed to the fleeing Li Youfei. In this moment, a monumental storm surged within him. Just a moment ago, he had felt the presence and fluctuations of the Crimson Goddess, the intensity of which surpassed everything he had ever encountered in his life, even surpassing all the divine servants he had seen and even the divine envoys themselves.

"God!"

The divine slave's heart shook to the extreme. The qi, blood, and cultivation base in his body were shaking. As someone who had been blessed, he knew very well that his perception couldn't be wrong.

The hand that killed his companion emitted the aura of his god.

When his body was trembling from the aura, an ethereal voice slowly rang out from the wind.

"My servant, come to me… Come…"

Li Youfei couldn't hear the sounds in the sandstorm. At that moment, he was already far away from this place and was moving closer and closer to the boundary.

However, that divine slave heard it clearly. The voice contained the aura of the Crimson Goddess, causing his body to lose all resistance at this instant.

As he shivered, he instinctively walked in that direction. Step by step, he walked into the wind and was drowned by the whiteness.

After a long time, a person walked out of the sandstorm.

Purple light flickered in his eyes. Wherever he passed, the energy of the Purple Moon would spread out. In the white wind, this purple scene was like the descent of a god.

It was only after he walked over 100 feet away that the purple light in Xu Qing's eyes slowly dissipated. He then burped.

"It's indeed as I judged. The curse in these temple cultivators' bodies has been transformed into a blessing and has become the source of their faith. The more they believe in the Red Moon and Crimson Goddess, the denser the power of the blessing. It can allow them to draw the corresponding power of the Red Moon."

"In that case, to me… devouring their power of faith can strengthen my Purple Moon's divine authority."

"Although the amount isn't much, it… is quite delicious."

Xu Qing licked his lips. To him, devouring a divine slave at the Nascent Soul realm wasn't that complicated. Due to the existence of faith, he only needed to spread out his Purple Moon divine authority. The other party was like walking food that walked over on its own.

"However, if it was a divine servant with a Spirit Repository cultivation base, it wouldn't be so easy." Xu Qing recalled the red-robed woman he had encountered under the sea of fire back then and sighed with emotion.

"Also, I can't do this for all the living beings in the Moon Worship Region because the curse in their bodies hasn't been converted into the faith of the Red Moon and Crimson Goddess."

Xu Qing pondered as he walked forward. Gradually, a shriveled sound rang out from his body and he felt a sense of hunger. It was as though the bit of Red Moon Faith he had eaten had evoked his instincts, causing him to have the urge to continue devouring.

Xu Qing stopped in his tracks. After sensing it, he frowned.

"After eating their faith, why would there be such hunger…"

Xu Qing pondered. However, the feeling of hunger wasn't very intense. He quickly suppressed it and quickened his pace until he disappeared into the sandstorm.

Half a day later, at the edge of the green sand desert, Xu Qing followed the tracks of the shadow eye and saw a rotting mountain of flesh.

It was none other than Li Youfei.































































The white wind blew, stirring up the sand on the ground and shaking the white grass.

Li Youfei, who was lying on it, didn't move at all, like a corpse.

His 50-foot-tall body emitted an unpleasant odor, which even the wind's blowing couldn't disperse. The stench could be detected from quite a distance away, making people nauseous.

From afar, one could see that many parts of his body had rotted to the bone.

His entire person was enveloped by the aura of death.

What caused such a change wasn't only the bizarre effect brought about by the white wind, but also the eruption of the Crimson Goddess' curse in his body. All of this affected his body and soul.

He was essentially on the verge of death, or more accurately, he had already stepped into the realm of the deceased, with only a lingering sense of unwillingness, desperately clinging to a wisp of life unwilling to fade away.

However, this struggle brought him even more pain and torture.

Xu Qing walked to Li Youfei's side. After taking a look at his injuries, he shook his head.

"He can't be saved."

Although Xu Qing had the curse-resolving pill, this pill could only neutralize the continued pain brought about by the curse before it completely erupted. It couldn't reduce the curse. In fact, its theoretical effect was to increase the amount of curses.

Hence, if the current Li Youfei consumed the curse-resolving pill, not only would it be ineffective, but the trace of life force that was forcefully hanging on would also be instantly drowned by the soaring curses.



Since he couldn't save him, Xu Qing retracted his gaze and summoned the shadow eye back, preparing to leave this place.

However, after taking a few steps, he suddenly stopped in his tracks. He turned his head and looked at Li Youfei's corpse-like body, his eyes revealing a hint of contemplation.

"Something's not right."

"With the Crimson Goddess' curse, it shouldn't be possible for him to last for so long under this eruption. It's also impossible for him to have a trace of life left."

"This doesn't make sense."

Xu Qing felt some interest and returned to Li Youfei's side.

This time around, he observed even more carefully. A moment later, Xu Qing suddenly grabbed Li Youfei's body and sped into the distance.

After stepping out of the range of the green sand desert, Xu Qing opened a cave on a mountain peak 500 kilometers away and threw Li Youfei inside.

After that, he erased the traces in the surroundings and arrived beside Li Youfei, studying him carefully.

During this time, he would occasionally cut open the other party's rotting body, digging out some flesh and blood for observation.

A day later, Xu Qing's eyes gleamed. He found the reason and confirmed his guess.

"It's white wind…"

"The catalysis of the white wind caused the vitality of Li Youfei's body to continue to soar in a disorderly state. The goal of this power is to provide nutrients to those eggs and let them grow."

"However, it was also because of this that Li Youfei didn't die immediately after the curse in his body erupted."

"The power of the white wind resisted the curse to a certain extent. Although it's still inferior to the curse, it allowed Li Youfei to retain a trace of life."

Xu Qing was moved.

"To be able to resist the Crimson Goddess' curse, what exactly is white wind's origin?"

A strange glint appeared in Xu Qing's eyes. He squatted down and cut open Li Youfei's flesh bit by bit, taking out the sand eggs and the dandelions in his body one by one.

The process was very cruel and required him to cut open all the parts of his body. Some rotting flesh even turned into black water that flowed in the surroundings, emitting a stench.

However, Xu Qing was very patient. He was like an extremely focused craftsman who didn't care about the materials and continued carving carefully.

Under Xu Qing's efforts, Li Youfei's body was covered in countless wounds. There were some places that Xu Qing simply cut off with a slash and removed the flesh that had fused with the curse and white wind.

As the eggs were removed one by one, cutting off the source of life absorption, Li Youfei's body, catalyzed by the white wind, gained more strength to confront the curse's eruption.

Although it was still inferior to the curse, Li Youfei's life force still persisted under the eruption of the curse. It hadn't dissipated yet.

 However, this wasn't of much use. According to Xu Qing's judgment, in three to five days at most, after the vitality in Li Youfei's body was exhausted, he would still be devoured by the curse.

However, this gave Xu Qing a lot of inspiration.

"Li Youfei is really lucky. With his current state, the curse-resolving pill might work."

Xu Qing thought about it and took out a curse-resolving pill, stuffing it into Li Youfei's mouth. After that, with a wave of his hand, hundreds of purple threads flew out and pierced Li Youfei's body.

The curse-resolving pill was just the beginning; Xu Qing intended to conduct an in-depth examination of Li Youfei. He would use his body's external materials and try to refine it according to the method of refining the curse-resolving pill.

"In any case, there's a high chance that he'll die. If he can really survive, I can use white wind as a direction in my future research."

Xu Qing sat down cross-legged and closed his eyes. He studied and refined at the same time.

A day later, Xu Qing left with Li Youfei. He followed the direction pointed out by the lifeless parrot. When he rested on the way, he would continue to refine Li Youfei.

Under his research, the curse within Li Youfei began to ease. Although the number of curses increased, each time Li Youfei was about to succumb, Xu Qing would take some of the flesh that had been removed from Li Youfei and insert it into his wounds. These pieces of flesh would rapidly integrate, and Li Youfei's vitality would unexpectedly return.

Xu Qing was pleasantly surprised by this.

He felt that this was the experimental material he had dreamed of.

A month passed.

Xu Qing, who had already entered the western part of the Moon Worship Region, retracted all the purple threads after he finished refining Li Youfei in a valley on this night. He then took out the curse-resolving pill made from Li Youfei's flesh and blood and fed it to him.

This pill was different from ordinary curse-resolving pills. During this period of time, after Xu Qing studied Li Youfei, he had made a major improvement to the curse-resolving pill, and was only a little short of perfection.

"Since you're awake, don't pretend to be dead."

After feeding him the curse-resolving pill, Xu Qing calmly spoke.

Li Youfei's body trembled and he had no choice but to open his eyes. He looked at Xu Qing with horror and complicated emotions. He had actually woken up three days ago…

However, his fear of Xu Qing, especially after noticing that he was being studied, kept him from speaking out. He only watched Xu Qing feed him strange pills over these three days which actually reduced the curse's eruption in his body.

This scene shocked him incomparably. He wasn't stupid and was very experienced, so he quickly guessed what the medicinal pills he had eaten were.

This guess caused his mind to go blank and he didn't regain his senses for a long time.

In these three days, he clearly remembered that the other party had given him eight pills.

"Selling myself wouldn't be enough to buy a single one… What could his motive be in regards to me?" Over the past few days, Li Youfei had been tremblingly pondering the answer to this question.

Having his act of playing dead exposed by Xu Qing, Li Youfei instinctively spoke in a low voice to confirm his suspicions.

"Master, what you gave me was…"

"Curse-resolving pill," Xu Qing calmly said.

Even though he had guessed it, when Li Youfei heard the answer, his mind still rumbled as he asked with a trembling voice.

"Then… how many did I eat?"

"In the past month, there were about a hundred of them." Xu Qing calculated and looked at Li Youfei.

When Li Youfei heard this, his eyes widened and his Adam's apple moved a few times. He knew the value of the curse-resolving pill. It was a medicinal pill that even the Spirit Repository experts were crazy about, but he had eaten about a hundred…

He believed that this was true because he had eaten eight pills in three days.

If this matter were to be revealed, it would undoubtedly cause a storm in the outside world. For him, the feeling at this moment was as if he were a beggar, and one day, a wealthy man happened to pass by and, with a casual glance, handed him billions of spirit stones…

At this moment, he no longer wanted to consider why this happened, nor did he want to consider Xu Qing's motive. He stood up trembling and knelt down in front of Xu Qing.

"Master!"

"Whatever you plan to do with me, it doesn't matter. You… you've just given me way too much!"

Xu Qing glanced at Li Youfei and was about to speak when his expression froze. He then looked in the direction outside the valley.

This was the western depths of the Moon Worship Region. At that moment, the sky was dark and there was no light from any direction. Everything was shrouded in darkness, with only a vague view of the overgrown vegetation inside and outside the valley.

The night wind was slightly brisk, creating a rustling sound as it blew from outside. It also carried some noisy drumming and clamor from a distance.

It was as though many people were approaching from outside the valley.

A dark glint flashed in Xu Qing's eyes. Li Youfei also sensed it and hurriedly stood up from his kneeling position, looking loyal and protective of his master as he snatched the position of the Diamond Sect's ancestor.

The Diamond Sect's ancestor flew out and swept his disdainful gaze across Li Youfei. After that, he stared at the entrance of the valley.

Very soon, the commotion grew intense. A group of figures walked over from outside the valley and were reflected in Xu Qing's eyes.

Those figures were quite peculiar, as they were clay figures dressed in robes, numbering over a hundred in total.

At the front, someone was pounding a gong, and in the rear, drums were being beaten. In the middle, several dozen clay figures were carrying a stone-made shrine.

Inside the shrine, there was an idol of a clay fox, dressed in a red robe with rouge applied to its face, remaining completely motionless, resembling an inanimate object.

Their appearance caused an eerie wind to blow in the surroundings, sweeping through the valley and stirring up the weeds and leaves on the ground.

However, they didn't seem to care about Xu Qing and Li Youfei. This group of clay figures walked past them without stopping.

Xu Qing's gaze swept over these clay figures. He had become accustomed to the strange and bizarre nature of this world, and there was nothing particularly surprising at the moment. He understood that these types of beings were typically bullies who cowered in the face of strength and didn't require much attention.

However, since he was blocking their path, there was no need to be overly dominant.

So, he remained calm, emanated his cultivation aura, took a few steps back, and opened up a path, allowing the group of clay figures to pass by.

When the shrine got closer and arrived in front of Xu Qing, the clay fox inside suddenly turned its head and looked at Xu Qing and Li Youfei.

The clay-made eyes exhibited ripples at that moment, transforming into gem-like orbs that emanated a crystalline brilliance. They had a captivating allure that seemed to captivate the soul.

Right after that, a seductive and languid feminine voice, with a hint of surprise, echoed from the mouth of the clay fox.

"Yang essence?"

"To think there's still a Nascent Soul with yang essence? And it's so pure, not a trace of being harvested!"

"It's rare…"































































The voice, tender and seductive, seemed like wisps of silk, drifting in the surroundings. It entered the ears and penetrated the soul, instinctively causing a sense of ripples and enchantment.

Xu Qing frowned and looked at Li Youfei.

Li Youfei was stunned. He hurriedly shook his head and blurted out.

"Not me… I lost it long ago when I was at the Qi Condensation Realm."

The clay fox glanced at Li Youfei in disdain and calmly spoke.

"Where did this dirty thing come from!"

After saying that, she continued to glance at Xu Qing. A hint of charm appeared in her eyes as though she could see through Xu Qing's disguise.

"He's actually so handsome. My heart is pounding."

The clay fox stood up, descended from the shrine, and, with a sway and a graceful movement, transformed into a charming and alluring young woman.

As she walked, her surging twin peaks caused waves of excitement, and her slender waist, like a gourd, paired with her raised hips, left Li Youfei breathless, with a racing heart, instinctively exclaiming that she was a seductress.

Especially with that semi-concealing red veil she was wearing, it appeared as if it could slip off her at any moment.

Her glistening skin and well-defined figure, swaying in such a seductive manner, exuded a desire to get closer and left an impression that could take root and blossom in others' hearts.

Xu Qing's gaze was cold, and he recognized that this seductive cultivator was also in the Nascent Soul stage. At this moment, the shadow had already spread from under his feet. Just then, as the woman descended from the shrine, she paused, lightly stepping on the ground.



The shadow instantly trembled and rolled back. Xu Qing's gaze froze.

The woman licked her lips and smiled.

"Young Master, although we are both in the Nascent Soul stage, you don't understand my background and origins, and I don't want to use my power to overwhelm you. I also don't wish to force such an adorable little cutie like you. It would be a mood-killer."

"So, we can discuss everything."

"Name a price."

Xu Qing remained silent. This was his first encounter with such a situation. Meanwhile, Ling'er had already popped her head out of his collar, looking rather puffed up with anger. Her eyes held a fierce glare, and the scales on her body stood on end as she fixed her gaze firmly on the woman.

The woman paid no attention to Ling'er and let her gaze travel down Xu Qing's face until she reached his feet. Then, she raised her eyes to meet his gaze and couldn't resist licking her lips.

"Big Sister won't treat you badly."

As she spoke, she took out a gourd and shook it before speaking.

"There are nine curse-resolving pills here, though there were originally ten of them. Last time, someone bought one with 20 red heavenly fire crystals but I can give them all to you. What do you think?"

Xu Qing was startled.

The woman observed Xu Qing's expression, and as she saw his reaction, her excitement grew. She then waved her hand and retrieved a silver bone fragment, smiling as she spoke.

"This is the bone pill of an Ancient Spirit Race almighty. It's very beneficial to your little snake. Do you want it?"

Ling'er was also stunned. After that, she gritted her teeth and continued to glare angrily, resisting the urge to look at the bone.

The woman chuckled and thought about it before taking out another item. This was a golden human organ in the shape of a crescent moon. It looked like a kidney.

"This is a treasure. Back in the day, a madman took a bite out of the Crimson Goddess, and then his body was torn apart. Someone gave me this kidney as a gift. If you agree to spend a few days with me, after that, you can consume it and replenish your body's deficiencies."

Xu Qing looked at the kidney and was stunned again.

Ling'er was nervous.

Li Youfei was at a loss. He suddenly felt envious of Xu Qing.

Seeing that Xu Qing didn't respond, the woman sighed.

"Young people don't know the big sister's charm, mistaking a little snake for a treasure."

"Very well, Young Master, take good care of your yang essence. If you ever change your mind, you can come back here to find me. Our deal will always stand."

 The woman turned around, swaying her waist seductively, displaying her alluring figure, and walked back to the shrine, where she transformed once again into the clay fox. The clay figures around her remained expressionless and continued to move forward with the shrine.

The cold wind blew and they passed through the valley, disappearing into the distance.

The valley fell into silence.

Xu Qing looked in the direction the clay fox had left in. A hint of contemplation appeared in his eyes.

Ling'er looked at Xu Qing nervously. Li Youfei didn't know what to say. His heart was filled with endless complexity. He felt that after he left the green sand desert, the things that happened every day were unbelievable.

"Brother Xu Qing…" Ling'er whispered.

"There's no curse on her," Xu Qing calmly said.

As soon as he finished speaking, Ling'er heaved a sigh of relief. When Li Youfei heard this, his heart trembled.

"Master, you mean… she's from another region?"

Xu Qing shook his head. This clay fox had arrived too suddenly, so he couldn't tell if the other party was really passing by or if she had specially come here.

Moreover, the items the other party took out were extraordinary. What she said about a curse-resolving pill being bought made Xu Qing a little hesitant. He didn't know if it was the one he had exchanged for in the Moon Rebel Hall.

And that kidney…

Xu Qing hesitated. However, no matter what, this wasn't a place to stay for long. Hence, he turned and sped in the opposite direction. Li Youfei hurriedly followed behind and they soon left the valley.

Time flowed by and very soon, half a month passed.

During this half a month, Xu Qing followed the parrot's guidance and continued on his way. However, every day, he would leave some time to study Li Youfei. After obtaining inspiration from him, he would attempt to modify the curse-resolving pill.

At first, Li Youfei was still very nervous. However, as the days passed, he gradually became indifferent.

He swallowed several curse-resolving pills every day, making him feel that he wouldn't be able to afford them no matter how many times he sold himself.































































Since that was the case, he would accept it.

As for the reason why he left the Bitter Life Mountain Range, Xu Qing had asked in the past half a month and knew that the other party had offended an ancestor of the Bitter Life Mountain Range.

"Ancestor Mogui, with his Nihility cultivation, is the top expert among the rogue cultivators in the Bitter Life Mountain Range. He enjoys the best of both worlds between the shrine and the Moon Rebel Hall, living a rather comfortable life."

"In order to complete the assessment of the Moon Rebel Hall, I had no choice but to kill his disciple…"

When thinking about this, Li Youfei sneaked a glance at Xu Qing and let out a sigh. He felt like he was at a disadvantage – he had killed the disciple, but he didn't manage to retrieve the corpse.

The reason he sneaked a glance at Xu Qing was that in the past half a month, he had seen Xu Qing with the corpses of the two divine slaves who had pursued him in the white wind.

These two corpses were also Xu Qing's research materials. Occasionally, after studying Li Youfei, he would encounter a bottleneck and dissect them to research.

With the passage of time, the methods of dissection became increasingly precise. Sometimes he would remove the organs and inspect them piece by piece, while at other times, he would break bones to examine the marrow.

After every dissection, he would be covered in dark blood.

Xu Qing also discovered a characteristic of divine slave cultivators. Their internal organs had varying degrees of corrosion. Although the curse in their bodies had become faith, it was clearly not complete.

"I wonder what the body of a Spirit Repository divine servant looks like?"



Xu Qing fell silent.

Every time this happened, Li Youfei would tremble. Although Xu Qing dissected and researched silently, Li Youfei would always personally witness it from the side. The nervousness in his heart involuntarily intensified again.

He felt that he was ruthless, but compared to the master, he was insignificant. What frightened him the most was the concern that one day the master might also develop an interest in killing him and studying his body.

Amidst his trepidation, they were getting closer and closer to the Sacrificial Yin in the west. Xu Qing's curse-resolving pill was also reaching their final stage, becoming more perfect.

At that moment, on a mountain peak that was a month away from the Sacrificial Yin River, Li Youfei lay there unconscious.

Xu Qing, who had just ended his research, glanced at the unconscious Li Youfei and noticed that his vital signs were normal. Hence, he didn't care too much. Instead, he looked at the medicinal pill he refined with a satisfied expression.

This medicinal pill was ultimately improved by Xu Qing with the help of the strangeness of Li Youfei's body and the research of the two divine slaves' corpses.

Its appearance wasn't much different from ordinary curse-resolving pills. It was also colorful. However, upon closer inspection, one would faintly discover that its color contained whiteness, so the overall color was slightly lighter.

However, the medicinal effects had already undergone earth-shattering changes.

It was no longer limited to alleviating the torture of the curse eruption but could reduce the curse!

If the number of curses in a person's body was 10,000, then after swallowing this curse-resolving pill, the curse would become 9999.

Although the decrease was very small and it was very difficult to detect, this was an unprecedented pioneering breakthrough.

This was because the lowered curse was permanent!

The fundamental principle of the pill was mainly based on something similar to antibodies, constantly lowering the curses, while its associated effect was to alleviate the pain of the curse's outbreak.

However, the side effect was the consumption of a certain amount of vitality. However, compared to ordinary curse-resolving pill, the consumption was much lesser and the relief effect was greatly increased.

"But unfortunately, it's only the first time you take it that the curse will decrease. Subsequent consumption will only alleviate the pain because the curse is a living thing and will adjust itself accordingly."

Xu Qing felt some regret regarding this. However, he also understood that it was very difficult to achieve such a thing overnight. This pill still needed to be improved time and time again. Moreover, he also needed more information about curses.

"Also, if I can study a Spirit Repository divine servant…"

Xu Qing fell into deep thought. He felt that there must be other mysteries in the bodies of the Spirit Repository divine servants.

"Also, there are too few medicinal herbs in the Moon Worship Region. I remember that some of the medicinal herbs in the forbidden zone contain dense anomalous substances. If I can blend their properties, it might provide me with better insights for improving the curse-resolving pill."

Xu Qing thought about it and controlled his shadow to cover the unconscious Li Youfei's body, causing him to fall into a deeper sleep. He then checked his surroundings to confirm that there was nothing wrong. He took out the mirror and stepped into the Moon Rebel Hall.

It had been a long time since he last came, so Xu Qing felt slightly out of place when he appeared at the temple's altar. It took him a while to descend, and when he pushed open the temple's large door, the blue sky and the bright light made him squint his eyes slightly as he instinctively looked into the distance.

That place… was the location of the temple where he had exchanged the heavenly fire crystals for the curse-resolving pill.

At the thought of that clay fox, Xu Qing became vigilant. Regardless of whether it was a coincidence or not, he felt that his previous judgment of the Moon Rebel Hall wasn't wrong.

 The people from the Moon Rebel Hall were indeed not simple.

Hence, he didn't leave his temple. After sensing around, he waved his hand and a beam of light spread out from the temple, gathering in front of him and transforming into a cluster of light like in the other temples.

After checking, Xu Qing took out a curse-resolving pill he had improved and placed it in the light cluster.

After that, he posted the item he needed.

"100 drops of blood from a Spirit Repository divine servant."

Xu Qing didn't set a ridiculous price. To him, the refinement of this curse-resolving pill was very easy. After all, he had given Li Youfei almost 200 pills.

What he wanted was to improve the pill as soon as possible.

According to his understanding some time ago, after the light cluster was released, others could exchange for it themselves. When he returned, he would be able to take the items he needed.

"I hope it can be faster."

Xu Qing muttered inwardly. After publishing it, he returned to the altar and left.

After appearing at the top of the mountain, he patted Li Youfei awake and continued on his way.

Just like that, a day passed.

The next day, in the Moon Rebel Hall, the burly neighbor beside Xu Qing's temple pushed open the door and walked out.

His chest was exposed and there were streamers made of stone around him. His dignified expression made him look glorious under the sunlight.

"It's finally quiet now."

He, who liked to come to the Moon Rebel Hall every day, enjoyed the sunlight of the Moon Rebel Hall very much. He felt that he was alive when he was here, and there were many times when he didn't want to go back to the so-called reality.

After all, the darkness and suffering in reality would constantly remind him of the misery of his fate.

There were many people like him and most of them liked to stay here.

However, Moon Rebel Hall had rules about this. Hence, even though he was unwilling, he still had to return to reality every few days.

This was also the reason why he felt that Xu Qing was noisy and had glared at him many times.

There weren't many moments of enjoyment to begin with. If there were still continuous rumblings disturbing them, anyone would feel annoyed.

After walking out, he felt a rare sense of peace. The burly dude stretched his back and was about to go out for a stroll. However, his gaze swept past Xu Qing's temple from the corner of his eye and he noticed a cluster of light flickering there. The burly dude's brows raised slightly.

"That detestable fellow who likes to act mysterious has started selling things?"

The burly dude wasn't too surprised. He sneered and disdain appeared in his eyes.

In his memory, the owner of the temple always appeared mysteriously and almost never interacted with others.

He had glared at him many times, but the other party would leave quickly like a frightened rabbit.

"Forget it, let's go and see what this rabbit is selling. I can also use this opportunity to see what this person is like."

The burly dude had been dissatisfied with Xu Qing, his neighbor, for a long time. Hence, his body swayed and he directly arrived outside Xu Qing's temple. He swept his gaze across the mottled bronze cauldron that didn't have any incense sticks. He sneered and swaggered into Xu Qing's temple.

After stepping in, he disdainfully glanced at the motionless statue on the altar and then swept his gaze across the only cluster of light floating in the air. He casually lifted his hand and grabbed at the ball of light.

"Let's see what kind of trash this guy is selling for the first time."

However, the instant his hand touched the ball of light, the burly dude's originally calm expression instantly changed.

His eyes instantly widened as though he had been bombarded by a large number of heavenly lightning. His mind instantly churned and his body stopped there.

* * *































































"Curse-resolving pill? Selling a curse-resolving pill on the first item? Especially at this price…"

The burly dude's breathing became hurried, as though he couldn't believe what he was seeing. Hence, he quickly used his perception again. After confirming that he wasn't wrong, his expression changed rapidly.

"Only asking for 100 drops of divine servant blood!"

The burly dude was a little confused. Although curse-resolving pills were rare, he had been in the Moon Rebel Hall for many years and had seen them being sold many times. Naturally, he knew their high price.

However, in his memory, there had never been a time when a curse-resolving pill was sold for such a low price.

This made him suspect that he had encountered a scammer.

However, because the items were stored in advance, the trader could sense them. Basically, there weren't many times when there were errors. Furthermore, if someone tried to scam here and was found out, the consequences were extremely severe.

Light offenders would have their temple trade privileges revoked, while serious offenders might even have their affiliation with the Moon Rebel Hall completely erased, with no chance of reinstatement.

Therefore, in general, few people would attempt a scam here as it was not worth the risk.

Hence, the burly dude hurriedly got close. After carefully identifying it, his breathing became hurried again and his heart beat unprecedentedly faster. After that, he suddenly turned around and sprinted out.

"The biggest bargain!"

"This is… the greatest bargain I have encountered in the Moon Rebel Hall!"



"No, I have to buy it as soon as possible. If I miss this opportunity, I'll regret it for the rest of my life!"

"It's impossible for this rabbit not to know the price, but why did he still price it like this… Could it be that he made a typo when he actually wanted to write 1,000 drops of divine servant blood?!"

The instant he walked out of Xu Qing's temple, the excitement in the burly dude's heart was indescribable. He felt that he had to buy this incomparably precious curse-resolving pill as soon as possible before that fool reacted.

"I have to beat the others to it. Fortunately, this place is remote and there are almost no people paying attention here at this moment."

"I can't let it be discovered by others!"

At the thought of this, the burly dude forcefully suppressed the excitement and pretended to be very calm. In fact, when he saw someone passing by outside, his expression even revealed disdain, as though he had just seen trash.

When he reached a place with no one around, he couldn't suppress it anymore. He quickly contacted his good friends in the Moon Rebel Hall and mobilized all his connections and channels to collect the blood of the divine servant.

"That rabbit didn't specify that it had to be of a single person. This makes things easier. Over the years, too many people have fought against divine servants and have some of their blood in their collection."

The burly dude was in high spirits and went all out. Finally, a day later, he successfully collected enough divine servant blood after going through various sources.

He was worried that someone would buy the pill before him, so he stayed outside his temple and pretended to be taking a stroll. However, in reality, he was extremely vigilant against all the statues that were moving around this area, afraid that someone would go to Xu Qing's place.

At this moment, with enough divine servant blood, this burly dude quickly stepped into Xu Qing's temple like the wind. He was extremely anxious as he headed straight for the light cluster and exchanged for it as quickly as possible.

At the next instant, when a curse-resolving pill appeared in his hand, the burly dude hurriedly took a sniff and was extremely excited.

"The color and smell are the same as the ones sold by others. There's a high chance that it's genuine!"

"Haha, big bargain!!"

Amidst his excitement, he suddenly sensed something. He noticed that the statue on the temple's altar was trembling and was instantly shocked.

"The rabbit is coming back. He will soon realize that he made a mistake. I can't stay here!"

The burly dude turned and sped out. He had a guilty look on his face as he quickly left.

The moment his figure disappeared, the eyes of the statue on the altar suddenly opened.

Xu Qing returned.

"I didn't expect that after the item in the Moon Rebel Hall is sold, I can sense it even from the outside world." Xu Qing was a little surprised. He lifted his head and looked outside the temple.

Just now, he saw a figure rapidly leaving. From the streamers around the statue, it seemed to be the neighbor who always glared at him.

Xu Qing was vigilant. He checked his surroundings and confirmed that there was nothing wrong. After recalling the urgency of that back view, he more or less guessed the answer.

"Did he think that I had made a mistake and he got a great bargain, so he fled guiltily?"

 Xu Qing didn't care. He stood on the altar and grabbed at the light cluster in front of him.

Immediately, the light cluster flickered and a bottle flew out, landing in his hand.

After checking, Xu Qing felt joyful.

"The blood is actually from dozens of divine servants. Not bad, not bad."

Xu Qing was very satisfied. This would provide him with more research specimens. Hence, he took out another curse-resolving pill and placed it in the light cluster.

The price was still 100 drops of divine servant blood.

After doing this, Xu Qing's statue quietened down as he chose to return.

A while later, the burly neighbor carefully approached. After observing for a while and confirming that Xu Qing had left, he heaved a sigh of relief and his expression was filled with excitement.

"Haha, this big fool must have been extremely angry just now."

At the thought of the other party's rumbling for the past few months, the burly dude felt comfortable. He noticed that the light cluster in the temple seemed to have a new item and walked over proudly.

"Let me see what this rabbit is selling for now."

The burly dude was in a good mood. He lifted his hand and touched it. However, at the next instant, his eyes widened again. Heavenly lightning once again rumbled in his mind. As his mind rumbled, he felt as though he was hallucinating, so he instinctively confirmed it.

A long time later, confusion replaced his shock.

"Why… is there more?"































































"It is still 100 drops of divine servant blood?"

"That's impossible. Is this guy really a fool…"

"That's not right. There might be a problem with this pill!!"

The burly dude's expression instantly darkened. He turned and left, quickly returning to his temple and choosing to return. He wanted to verify the authenticity of the pill he bought.

"If it's fake, I'll definitely teach this person a lesson!"

Gritting his teeth, the burly dude left.

A day later, he returned again. There was still shock on his face as he crazily rushed out and headed straight for Xu Qing's temple.

"It's genuine, it's genuine!"

However, when he arrived at Xu Qing's temple, he saw that the pill in the light cluster had already been exchanged. His excitement instantly transformed into endless regret.

"Damn it, why didn't I exchange it first!"

The burly dude pounded his chest as endless pain rose in his heart. The feeling of missing out made him feel huge regret. He waited for a few more days, but realized that Xu Qing didn't put any more pills for sale. This caused the bitterness and regret in his heart to become increasingly intense.

Xu Qing indeed didn't continue selling pills these few days.



The 200 drops of divine servant blood from before gave him a lot of inspiration, and his refinement also improved slightly.

Right now, on the plains in the west that was half a month away from Sacrificial Yin River, Xu Qing finished refining another pill from Li Youfei's body and thought again of the forbidden zone's medicinal herbs he needed.

"Just because I don't have it doesn't mean that others here don't…"

After some thought, Xu Qing chose to enter the Moon Rebel Hall and put up another curse-resolving pill. This time, he didn't want the blood of the divine servants but herbs.

After doing this, Xu Qing left.

Less than an hour later, the burly neighbor who had been paying attention to this place walked out of his temple and instinctively turned his head with regret.

When he discovered a light cluster flickering, the burly dude's body trembled and he quickly arrived.

He had already exchanged for a lot of divine servant blood in advance. At this moment, he excitedly grabbed the light cluster.

"It is really here!"

"Something is fishy about this guy!"

The burly dude's heart froze. Although the change in requirements this time made it impossible for him to exchange for it immediately, he remembered that he had seen people selling the herbs the other party needed. Although their price was high, it was completely incomparable to the curse-resolving pill.

"This person must be a Master!"

"He should be able to refine the curse-resolving pills on his own. Maybe this is nothing to him, or maybe this person's background is extremely great, that's why he's so generous!"

"But no matter what, this is a big shot!"

The burly dude felt that the opportunity of his life was here. He immediately turned around to collect the herbs that Master needed. He was even worried that someone would beat him to it.

However, this time, what he was worried about still happened.

The instant he walked out of the temple, a statue rushed over from outside. It whistled past him and headed straight for the light cluster.

The burly dude's heart skipped a beat and he abruptly turned his head. He saw that after the statue came into contact with the light cluster, it revealed a shocked expression. Immediately after, the other party also sensed the burly dude's gaze and stared back.

They were both hostile and filled with competitive gazes.

"It's you, 99715!"

The big man clenched his teeth. People here didn't use names, and once they got to know each other, they referred to each other by numbers. He recognized the statue in front of him as one from a nearby temple.

"Those who have fate will obtain Master's pill." The statue sneered and didn't bother with the burly dude as it quickly left.

The burly dude let out a cold snort and sped all the way, doing his best to prepare. Ten hours later, he finally found the herbs Xu Qing needed. However, when he returned, he saw the figure of the neighbor walking out of Xu Qing's temple.

 "You're too late," 99715 said calmly and sat down cross-legged outside the temple.

The burly dude wasn't willing and quickly stepped into Xu Qing's temple. When he saw that the curse-resolving pill was already gone from the light cluster, he felt depressed. He exited the temple and also waited outside the temple.

This was effective because as the days passed, Xu Qing put up curse-resolving pills one after another.

To Xu Qing, this was very convenient. The trades in the Moon Rebel Hall helped him resolve all the obstacles in refining the curse-resolving pills.

No matter what he needed, he just needed to put a pill up for exchange. It would be sold off in a day at the slowest, and if it was fast, only two to four hours, and someone would provide everything he needed.

As such, Xu Qing's journey of improving the curse-resolving pill became increasingly smooth, and his speed also became much faster.

As for the dozens of curse-resolving pills put up for sale, Xu Qing could casually refine them from Li Youfei.

As for Li Youfei, the shock in his heart had completely numbed after these few days. Every day, he saw Xu Qing refining medicinal pills with his body and watching those curse-resolving pills form on his body. He felt that all of this had already exceeded his imagination.

Occasionally, he would even have some childish thoughts. For example… could it be that he was a hero who would save the Moon Worship Region?

However, after seeing Xu Qing, he had no choice but to dispel this thought and become even more obedient.

At the same time, the Moon Rebel Hall also had quite a bit of commotion because of Xu Qing's actions during this period of time.

First, outside Xu Qing's temple, there were initially two statues, which then increased to three, four, and five. As word spread about this place, the number of statues waiting outside grew to dozens.

These statues were all vigilant against each other. Every time the light appeared in Xu Qing's temple, they would rush in immediately to take a look. They would then disperse and fight to be the first to complete the request. The competition was extremely intense.

With so many statues waiting, it naturally aroused the curiosity of passersby. Every time a statue passed by and saw the commotion here, they would be surprised. As they probed and observed, shock began to spread.

Hence, even more statues began to frequently appear outside Xu Qing's temple. The number of statues ranged from tens to over a hundred, and the effect formed by the dense crowd was even more terrifying.

Especially the bronze cauldron in front of Xu Qing's temple, inside of which more than thirty incense sticks were burning, creating a scene of great abundance. This attracted even more attention.

It was only after the number of people waiting outside reached hundreds that the rumors about Master spread in the Moon Rebel Hall.

"This is a mysterious Master who is filled with pity!"

"The temple number is 99719. I'm willing to call him Master Pill Nine!"

"The price of Master Pill Nine's curse-resolving pill is less than 10% of the others' and the effect is even better. He cares about the people and wants to save all living beings."

"That's right. This is also the reason why Master Pill Nine's requests are all about medicinal herbs and divine servant blood!"

In the midst of these numerous rumors, there was one from Xu Qing's neighbor, the burly man who often spoke boastfully in front of others.

"When Master Pill Nine entered the Moon Rebel Hall, he had already displayed his extraordinary power. You outsiders don't know how extraordinary Master is at all. You should know that at the time, the master's supreme Dao voice resonated in the hearts and minds of people for two consecutive months, shaking the world."

"I was incredibly fortunate to hear it from start to finish. At that time, my mind was so uplifted that I felt my thoughts were clear. Even the curse within me was suppressed by an invisible force. I truly felt the deep compassion of Master!"

"It's a pity that the Dao sound only lasted for two months. This is my greatest regret."

"Now that I think about it, those two months were so beautiful…"

Every time he talked about this, this burly dude would look like he hadn't had enough.

Just like that, the rumors about Master Pill Nine continued to spread in the Moon Rebel Hall. However, it had been some time since Xu Qing put up any more pills for sale. This was because at that moment, he was already close to the shore of the Sacrificial Yin River.

Standing there, Xu Qing looked up, and in the distance, the river waters were churning, tinged with blood, and faintly visible amidst it were countless bones rising and falling, exuding an aura of evil.

The sand on the shore was also red, and the aura of the curse was even more obvious here.

This place was where the parrot guided him to meet the captain.

A long time later, Xu Qing retracted his gaze and walked forward.

After passing through an area enveloped by restrictions, his expression suddenly changed as he walked on the red shore. The wind in the distance carried the heavy panting of the captain, Ning Yan, and Wu Jianwu.

Their faintly discernible voices were also mixed in.

"I don't have the strength left, it's stuck inside, and I can't pull it out."

"It's fine. Big Jianjian, don't be afraid. Hold it tightly and give it a good pull; it'll come out soon!"

"Big Jianjian, is your waist bad? Why are your legs so weak!"

Xu Qing's expression was strange. After that, he heard Ning Yan's screams.

"I can't take it anymore, it's about to break. Please spare me…"































































The entire Moon Worship Region, except for the northwestern edge where a mountain range bordered another region, was surrounded by the Sacrificial Yin River.

This river surrounded all living beings in the region like a seal, forming a circle.

At that moment, the location Xu Qing arrived at belonged to the southwestern part of the Moon Worship Region. There were many mountains here and very little vegetation. Moreover, because he was close to the riverside, the wind that blew from the Sacrificial Yin River exuded the aura of death and decay.

However, in this gloomy atmosphere, the words carried by the wind, resembling the howls of wolves and tigers, seemed to break the eerie silence of the place, altering the ambiance in the blink of an eye.

Xu Qing's expression was a little strange. Ling'er also revealed her head and looked ahead shyly as she whispered.

"Brother Xu Qing, what are they doing?"

After saying that, she even used Xu Qing's collar to cover her face.

Li Youfei, who was at the side, had no idea where Xu Qing was bringing him. At that moment, on the shore of the Sacrificial Yin, he heard the voices coming from afar. His expression was a little strange and he instinctively took a few steps back, feeling a little uneasy.

Although he felt that it was unlikely, he couldn't help but think of Xu Qing's true motive for giving him so many curse-resolving pills and the other party's decisiveness in rejecting the clay fox.

'It shouldn't be…' Li Youfei's heart trembled as he comforted himself.

Xu Qing didn't understand his nervousness. At that moment, he looked into the distance and observed his surroundings.



There were restrictions in this area.

Other than concealment, the effect of this restriction was also to isolate. Not only did it isolate sound, but it also isolated vision.

Previously, when Xu Qing got close, he had already sensed it and could tell that it was set up with the captain's blood. Moreover, it had marked his aura, allowing him to enter unhindered.

Xu Qing revealed a contemplative expression. After taking a few steps, he squatted down and touched the ground.

According to his senses, this place was the eye of the restriction.

Almost at the instant Xu Qing's hand touched it, an eye suddenly crawled out of the sand on the ground and blinked at Xu Qing. After that, similar eyes appeared in all directions.

There were also some blue worms that crawled out.

The range was so large that it covered a total of 500 kilometers. This scene caused Li Youfei's heart to tremble as though he was facing a great enemy. He really felt that the strangeness of this place was the same as the white wind in the desert, giving him a terrifying feeling.

Similarly, all of this also moved Xu Qing. He couldn't help but mutter inwardly.

'Before Eldest Senior Brother left, he said that he wanted to do a small matter… What small matter requires him to seal 500 kilometers?'

While Xu Qing was pondering, those eyes and the blue worms all swayed, emitting cheering emotions. There was also the captain's voice echoing from them.

"Haha, Little Qing, you're here. Hurry up and help us pluck it!"

Xu Qing's expression was strange but he didn't hesitate. With a sway of his body, he walked forward. As he moved forward, the eyes and worms on the shore quickly spread out, clearing a path.

Following the path, Xu Qing sped along, the whispers and panting sounds growing louder in his ears. After nearly eight minutes, he felt himself passing through a hidden membrane that seemed as fluid as the water's surface. At that moment, the scene concealed in this place came into view for Xu Qing.

The first thing that caught Xu Qing's attention was a colossus standing on the distant shore.

This was a huge door frame-shaped building made of bronze-colored boulders. It was 30,000 feet tall and 10,000 feet wide.

It was erected on the riverbank like an ancient giant, emitting an astonishing pressure and majestic aura.

Upon closer inspection, one could even see countless ancient runes engraved on the bronze-colored boulders. They were densely packed and gave off an incomparably complicated feeling.

What caused Xu Qing's heart to tremble the most was that what existed in the door frame wasn't a door but rather a peculiar object formed by concentric rings of black metal within the frame.

The circular rings at the top and bottom were the smallest, and the central section was the largest, resembling a conical spring.

It was covered in rust and even had some drops of red river water in places, as if it had been recently pulled out from the river.

Looking at this item, Xu Qing couldn't guess what it was. Hence, his gaze landed on the river at the side. The captain, Wu Jianwu, and Ning Yan were there.

The three stood in a row, with the captain at the front, holding onto a vine, panting heavily, their bodies forming an arch as they continuously pulled.

Behind him was Wu Jianwu and his strange descendants. All of them were pulling the vine forcefully.

 As for Ning Yan, he was positioned at the back, sitting on the ground with his legs spread wide, his heels buried in the sand. He grasped the vine with both hands on his abdomen, wailing and exerting force at the same time.

"No, it's really about to break…"

That vine was connected to his navel and extended very long, directly reaching the long river of Sacrificial Yin in front of him.

At that moment, as they pulled, the river churned. There seemed to be a huge circular object being pulled up bit by bit from the bottom of the river.

"Little Qing, come and help."

The captain flicked his hair and wiped the sweat off his forehead as he shouted at Xu Qing.

Wu Jianwu also lifted his head and panted as he looked at Xu Qing.

As for Ning Yan, he had nothing to live for and wailed.

"Boss, save me…"

Almost as he began to speak, a streak of mixed light shot out from Xu Qing, it was the parrot. It had grown some scruffy feathers, but it looked even uglier now.

It flew onto Wu Jianwu in an instant, crying like a child who had escaped from a demon's clutches and found its family.































































"Dad, I thought I'd never see you again."

But before it could lament its own experience, its father shook its head, tossing it aside with a low shout.

"Hold the rope in your mouth and pull it!"

The parrot was stunned and felt grief and indignation in its heart. It had a feeling that the human world wasn't worth it. However, since its father had spoken, it didn't dare to disobey. At that moment, it could only exert force like Ning Yan who had nothing to live for.

Seeing this, although Xu Qing was filled with doubts, he still walked to the captain's side and grabbed the vine, pulling it with all his might.

Li Youfei also quickly came to help. At the same time, he smiled at Wu Jianwu and glanced at Ning Yan. After that, he looked at the captain and immediately analyzed who had the highest status among the three.

With their addition, the pulling force also soared. The river instantly churned intensely. Amidst the rumbling sounds, a huge ring appeared on the distant river.

"Senior Brother, what is this?"

Xu Qing's gaze froze.

When the captain heard this, although he was panting, he couldn't help but feel smug.

"Little Qing, you came late but it's fine. You made it in time."

"Do you see the door frame behind us? Haha, guess what that is?"



Xu Qing shook his head with a puzzled expression.

Seeing that Xu Qing was showing such a rare expression, the captain laughed.

"That's the sun!"

"There were once nine man-made suns in the Moon Worship Region and three of them died. You know about this, right? That door frame is one of the fallen suns!"

"And what we're going to catch next is also one of the three suns that fell."

"This is the small thing I came here to do."

"In spring, I planted the seeds, and now in autumn, I will reap three suns!"

The captain was proud, having found the three suns that fell in ancient times in his previous life, and even repaired them, eventually throwing them into the Sacrificial Yin River to hide them.

Xu Qing's heart fluctuated. He turned his head and glanced at the huge door. He never expected that this thing was actually an artificial sun.

"It's all thanks to Ning Yan. Haha, I didn't misjudge back then. This kid's bloodline is extraordinary. After fusing with the vine and with my assistance, it allowed the vine to withstand the erosion of the Sacrificial Yin River."

As the captain spoke, he lovingly shook the vine in his hand. When Ning Yan, who was at the back, heard this, his expression was filled with grief and indignation. The thing he regretted the most was going to Fenghai County.

If he hadn't gone to Fenghai County, he wouldn't have known Chen Erniu. If he didn't know Chen Erniu, he wouldn't have suffered the subsequent tragedy. Especially at this moment, his heart kept trembling, afraid that Xu Qing and the others wouldn't be able to hold it. If that happened, he would be instantly pulled into the river.

Despite that, following Chen Erniu and working with him, he had enjoyed many good things along the way. Now his cultivation was about to break through and enter the Nascent Soul realm…

"Put in more strength!" After the captain told Xu Qing about his little incident, he roared and everyone exerted strength at the same time.

The sound of the river roared, and the massive object within it became increasingly visible, approaching the bank steadily.

This object was too large and was over 30,000 feet tall, forming a huge sense of oppression. As it got closer, Xu Qing gradually saw the details of this item.

This was a massive ring, stained with mud and the red river water, but one could still discern its base color was white. What was most bizarre was the presence of humanoid figures within this gigantic ring.

Numerous humanoid sculptures were upside down inside, with their feet standing on the inner ring, holding hands in '大' posture, creating an inner circle. From a distance, they appeared like the intricate pattern within this massive ring-like object.

However, it wasn't complete. Xu Qing saw that there was a human-shaped statue missing in the inner circle and there was a gap.

"Little Dumpling, come out and pull your father!"

Seeing that he was about to succeed, the captain roared excitedly and took out the artificial sun of the Lone Sun Race.

Eventually, as the river water surged and rushed to the shore, the massive ring became increasingly clear within the river, getting closer and closer. After an hour, it was completely pulled to the surface.

With a loud crash as it reached the shore, Ning Yan and Wu Jianwu both slumped down, utterly exhausted. Only the captain, despite his fatigue, quickly rushed over, inspecting the object with a fervent expression, touching it from different angles.

 "Little Qing, do you know? It's called the Big Dumpling."

Xu Qing walked closer and lifted his head to look at the huge ring. Respect rose in his heart for the race that could create this item.

"Come and help me, let's push it over to the Big Rectangle."

The captain, full of energy, pushed hard, and with Xu Qing's help, they managed to roll this huge ring forward, until it reached the side of the door frame, and both of them sat down, panting.

"Eldest Senior Brother, are you sure what you're doing this time is a small matter?"

Xu Qing looked at the two colossal objects behind him and exclaimed.

The captain laughed and put his arm around Xu Qing's shoulder.

"Of course it's a small matter. After this matter is done, we'll go to the Bitter Life Mountain Range together. The things there are the big deal!"

"By the way, Little Qing, how are you doing in the Bitter Life Mountain Range?"

"Not bad. I opened a small apothecary." Xu Qing nodded.

"Apothecary? Not bad. Do you lack a boss?" The captain's eyes lit up.

Xu Qing glanced at the captain. At this moment, Ling'er crawled out and quickly spoke.

"No!"

The captain chuckled and looked at Xu Qing before glancing at Ling'er with an understanding expression. After that, he coughed.































































"Let's not talk about that for now. There's a big guy at the bottom of the river. Let's take a break and then give it our all to get it out."

"Let me tell you, Little Qing, this last one isn't simple at all!"

"This is the first man-made sun in the Moon Worship Region. There were even rumors that it was an ancient item from a ruler's era."

When the captain introduced in a low voice, Li Youfei, who was sitting beside Wu Jianwu in the distance, was incomparably shocked.

As a person from the Moon Worship Region, he naturally knew about the artificial suns. At this moment, when he saw it being fished out with his own eyes, he was dumbstruck.

"Is Master's friend that terrifying?!"

Before Li Youfei could digest the shock, the captain stood up and spoke loudly.

"Time to work, time to work."

"Once we get the last big one out, we'll be done!"

As he spoke, the captain walked to Ning Yan's side.

Ning Yan looked pleadingly at the captain. The captain patted his shoulder.

"Big Ningning, this is the last time, I promise, and the things I promised you, I will definitely get them for you. I'll make sure your bloodline strength will surpass your dad's!"



Ning Yan was surprised.

The captain smiled faintly and didn't say much. He took Ning Yan's vine and headed straight for the river.

When Xu Qing saw this scene, he was a little worried. He also walked over and arrived beside the captain.

Noticing Xu Qing's arrival, the captain laughed and warmth rose in his heart.

"Junior Brother, you're still the best. You know how to feel heartache for Eldest Senior Brother. Previously, Ningning and Jianjian watched me jump into the river and none of them followed me. Alright, we brothers will do it together!"

After the captain finished speaking, he rushed forward and stepped into the river. Xu Qing also stepped in behind him. The two of them instantly entered the river and spread out their cultivation levels. While resisting the power of the river, they rushed toward the bottom of the river.

The captain's method of resisting was the blue light all over his body. Xu Qing's method was simpler. The Purple Moon's power spread out slightly and instantly neutralized everything. Just like that, the two of them moved at full speed at the bottom of the river.

The bottom of the river was dark and the blood-red river water was incomparably dense here. There were also countless skeletons floating in the water.

Xu Qing saw a rotting skeleton of a woman drift past him. Its eyelids seemed to open for a moment.

Xu Qing didn't care about this and continued forward.

Vaguely, there seemed to be some terrifying existences in the river that appeared in the surroundings. However, regardless of whether it was the blue light on the captain's body or Xu Qing's Purple Moon authority, they both formed a deterrence, causing those existences to not attack them.

Just like that, time slowly passed. Under the captain's ability, Ning Yan's vine was extended infinitely. They pulled on the vine, getting closer to the depths of the river.

After an unknown period of time, a gigantic sphere, partially submerged in the mud, with a size of tens of thousands of feet, came into view.

This massive object was broken and riddled with countless holes, as if it had been through a great battle.

A sense of age and antiquity permeated this iron sphere, evident in the mottled rust that covered it.

The passage of time on its body caused everyone who saw it to involuntarily feel a sense of decay.

This was the first artificial sun from the ruler's era in the Moon Worship Region.

"We're here!" The captain's eyes revealed a strange glint as he gestured to Xu Qing, asking him to help him pay attention to his surroundings. After that, he grabbed the vine and moved closer to the iron ball.

Xu Qing nodded and watched from the side.

However, at this moment, they were unaware that within the rusted and damaged interior of the sphere, there was a figure sitting cross-legged!

This figure was emaciated, with a withered face, wearing tattered brown robes. The exposed skin showed raised, mountain range-like meridians.

He had long, gray hair, scattered around him like wandering spirits within the iron sphere.

The moment the captain and Xu Qing got close to the sphere, the figure's closed eyes slowly opened. A hint of blue light appeared within, emitting a soul-stirring power.

 It was the ruler's heir!

He gazed into the distance, his expression becoming somewhat peculiar.

* * *































































Xu Qing and the captain had no idea about the figure in the iron sphere.

At that moment, under Xu Qing's vigilant attention, the captain held Ning Yan's vine and slowly approached the sphere.

Although this object was riddled with holes, there was another world inside. The captain searched for a long time and finally found a cavity that looked relatively sturdy.

Here, he threaded the vine through, clearly a bit concerned about its stability. So, he threaded the vine through in multiple places, tied a knot, and then bit his finger to draw runes with his blood which he then merged with the knotted areas.

After doing this, the captain proudly patted the iron sphere and gestured at Xu Qing.

Outsiders couldn't understand but Xu Qing understood very well. He was a little speechless but he still took out the recording jade slip. After using his Purple Moon power to envelop it and prevent it from being invaded, he recorded the scene.

He imprinted this scene on the jade slip.

After doing this, the captain quickly returned and wanted to check the jade slip. He was quite satisfied with his appearance. After that, he winked at Xu Qing and continued to gesture.

Xu Qing shook his head and rejected the captain's invitation to record his beautiful life as well.

The two of them turned and quickly retreated in the direction of the vine.

The journey was quite smooth. After a few hours, they returned to the shore. The moment they walked out of the river, the captain grabbed the vine and immediately shouted.

"Get to work, get to work!"

"Big Jianjian, I saw it just now. There are inscriptions of the Ancient Sovereign Mystic Nether on the large iron sphere below. Unfortunately, it was dim and I didn't see it clearly…"



Wu Jianwu, who was originally lying there to rest, instantly jumped up when he heard this. His eyes widened as he grabbed Ning Yan's vine. He let out a loud roar and his descendants appeared as well, grabbing the vine with him.

The parrot was no exception.

Ning Yan became nervous again. He hurriedly sat up straight and assumed his previous posture.

Li Youfei, who was at the side, was a discerning person. He immediately grabbed the vine, his expression showing determination, and he put all his effort into it. His face turned red, and he strained with all his might.

Everyone worked together and the river instantly rumbled and churned.

And with their combined efforts, the vine connecting to the massive iron sphere at the riverbed's end began to sway slightly, gradually being pulled up.

The ruler's heir, who was sitting cross-legged inside, felt the trembling and movement of the iron sphere. His expression became increasingly strange as he lifted his head and looked outside. He wanted to say something but hesitated…

Just like that, time flowed by and the iron sphere was finally completely pulled out of the mud. It was slowly dragged forward at the bottom of the river. Because it was huge, its speed wasn't fast.

However, every time it moved, a large amount of mud would be stirred up, causing the river to churn and large waves to surge continuously.

The commotion here was not insignificant, but the captain seemed to be well-prepared and had set up things meticulously. If it continued for a long time, it might be discovered, but for a short period, it was still manageable.

This was also the reason why he was anxious.

There were many rocks in the muddy riverbed, and although the massive iron sphere rolled over them, some bumps were inevitable. These disturbances transmitted into the iron sphere, most notably affecting the figure inside.

However, the expression of the ruler's heir was no longer strange. Instead, it turned calm. He sat there and allowed Xu Qing, the captain, and the others to slowly pull out the iron sphere he was hiding in.

Three days passed in the blink of an eye.

Under the efforts of the captain and the others, the edge of this huge iron sphere finally appeared at the end of their vision. This was the first time it had appeared in the outside world after countless years.

It was covered in rust and had an obvious ancient feeling. Even the sky here rippled at this moment.

"It's out. Everyone, work harder!"

The captain was incomparably excited. His cultivation base erupted completely and he went all out.

The size of this iron sphere reached 100,000 feet, and its weight far exceeded that of the circular ring and the door frame. Consequently, its movement was slow, and the required force was tremendous. There were even two close calls where the vine almost broke.

Fortunately, the captain's power and Xu Qing's Purple Moon power barely maintained the vine.

At that moment, seeing that they were almost close to success and that everyone was using all their strength, Xu Qing's body expanded to 50 feet, like a small giant.

After a long and exhausting effort, the iron ball finally emerged from the river, revealing more and more of its massive size. Several hours passed before this 100,000-foot-sized iron ball, which loomed like a colossal monolith, appeared before them.

 They had dragged it out of the Sacrificial Yin.

The moment it got ashore, a large amount of red river water flowed down from the holes in the iron sphere like a waterfall.

As for the ancientness and vicissitudes, they became even more intense at this moment, as though they were affecting time, causing the surroundings to become blurry and distorted.

This scene stirred intense emotions within Li Youfei, while Ning Yan took a deep breath. Only Wu Jianwu's eyes gleamed with curiosity as he quickly approached to search for the Mystic Nether's inscriptions mentioned by the captain.

As for the captain, he was lying there with his arms and legs spread out. He didn't have any strength left at all. However, looking at the huge iron ball, the corners of his mouth split open and he let out a smug laugh.

"Junior Brother, how is it? Am I amazing or not?!"

"Haha, the three suns are all with me!"

"In addition to Little Dumpling, I have four suns in my hand. Let me tell you, although the other five are with other races, I've left a backdoor in each of them!"

"When the time is right, the nine suns will descend with a thought of mine. But for these three, I'll need your help to give them an extra push!"

"Junior Brother, the day to do the final major thing here isn't far away!"

When Xu Qing heard this, he looked at the three huge objects and his heart trembled. He recalled what the parrot had said when it called him over back then and asked.

"Eldest Senior Brother, you called me here to light a fire. Do you mean to light these three suns?"

The captain got up, beaming with joy.

"That's right. Let's go. It will take some time for this large iron ball to release all the water. We should light the other two first."

The captain, saying that, struggled to stand up and pulled Xu Qing with him, heading straight for the bronze door frame. He stood there and touched the door frame with anticipation in his expression.

Xu Qing looked up into the distance. He still couldn't quite understand how this object could become a sun.

"Junior Brother, have you heard of the eternal power?" The captain looked at Xu Qing and pointed at the door frame.

"This is the eternal power, and also the reason why it became an artificial sun."

With these words, the captain waved his hand, and in an instant, the little dumpling thing flew out, its radiance shrinking and illuminating the doorframe. In the next moment, the runic inscriptions on the bronze-colored giant stones began to shine brightly.

It seemed like it was building up energy. Under the continuous illumination of the little dumpling, all the runic inscriptions eventually began to flicker, accompanied by a resounding roar. The doorframe radiated with a brilliant light, catching the attention of Wu Jianwu and others.

Finally, when the light from the runes on the bronze door frame was piercing, the captain spoke loudly.

"Junior Brother, your Golden Crow is extraordinary, it's the best primal fire. With your Golden Crow's power, exhale the flames and ignite it!"

The Golden Crow in Xu Qing's body instantly erupted and transformed into a majestic body that swam in all directions. Under Li Youfei's horror, the huge Golden Crow spat out heavenly fire at the door frame.

The endless sea of fire instantly drowned the door frame. At the next instant, it was absorbed by the runic inscriptions. The door frame, now even more radiant, emitted undulating waves that converged onto the central conical spring.

The spring began to vibrate.

"Again!" The captain spat out a mouthful of blood. With the help of his blood, Xu Qing's power of the Golden Crow changed. The flames also transformed in an instant, causing the door frame to resonate with a deafening sound.

The light on it kept shining endlessly, and more energy gathered in the spring. Soon, the vibrations of the spring intensified, until finally… it abruptly sank down with great force!

The largest ring of the conical spring slammed down with tremendous force, creating a deafening roar that shook the earth. Countless rocks crumbled, and the surrounding people's bodies swayed as they stood. The spring that had fallen to the ground then catapulted upward, crashing into the top of the door frame.

At the next instant, it borrowed the momentum to sink again.

The cycle repeated endlessly and thunderous roars continued, as if powered by an eternal force. It erupted incessantly, forming a massive wall of flames that engulfed the entire door frame, creating a colossal fireball.

The sky changed color and the earth quaked.

This scene caused Xu Qing's heart to stir, let alone the others. Regardless of whether it was Ning Yan or Wu Jianwu, they were stunned instantly. As for Li Youfei, he was completely dumbfounded and cried out involuntarily.

The captain laughed loudly and waved his hand, shrinking the huge sun by the door frame until it became a beam of light that fused into his hand.

After putting it away, the captain pointed at the distant circular ring.

"Little Qing, light the second one!"

With that, the captain took out a headless corpse from his storage bag.

From the looks of it, it was clearly the captain's body in this life. He should have chopped it off some time ago…

After taking it out, he threw his corpse toward the ring. Immediately, his corpse continued to grow larger and eventually became the size of those human-shaped statues. It directly stood at the gap and lifted its hands, grabbing the hands of the human statues on its left and right.

At this moment, the ring was complete!

"Little Qing, light it!"

The captain shouted from the ground.

Xu Qing didn't hesitate. With a sway of the Golden Crow, he spat out heavenly fire at the ring. This fire instantly enveloped the ring and headed straight for the captain's corpse.

The captain's corpse burned and the fire rapidly spread toward the human-shaped statues on the left and right.

These human-shaped statues burned one after another. All of their eyes suddenly opened and as the sound of an incantation echoed, they actually moved like gears.

As rumbling sounds echoed, the flames grew increasingly intense. A while later, when it rotated to the extreme, the flames on the ring rose and transformed into a sun.

The captain leaped up and grabbed at the air. Immediately, the rotating sun shrunk rapidly like the door frame and headed straight for the captain. He put it away.

"Haha, everything went incredibly smoothly. It went so smoothly that I'm a little unused to it."

The captain laughed loudly, and Xu Qing instantly became vigilant. In his memory, every time the captain did something major, there would be some accidents. It was fine if the other party didn't say it, but now that he did, Xu Qing felt uneasy.

Noticing Xu Qing's expression, the captain was dissatisfied.

"Little Qing, you don't trust me. I told you that this isn't a big deal but a small matter. I've been planning this for a long time. There can't be any accidents."

"Look, isn't everything going very smoothly? Come, come, come. Let's finish this last bit and set off for the Bitter Life Mountain Range!"

The captain licked his lips and looked at the iron sphere. He discovered that there wasn't much river water inside. There were some evil spirits inside that seemed to be struggling after leaving the river, emitting malice in all directions.

"We can light it now. Set it ablaze and burn all the evil spirits inside. It can be considered a sacrifice for the rising sun."

Xu Qing hesitated, carefully considering the situation and finding no signs of trouble. So, he chose to believe and raised his hand. The Golden Crow soared into the sky and spewed a sea of flames towards the massive iron ball.

In an instant, an endless sea of fire headed straight for the iron sphere, enveloping it.

He lit the fire.

The captain was about to take out the corresponding item he had prepared to burn the iron sphere even more thoroughly. However, before he could take out the item, the huge iron sphere suddenly shook and rose into the air on its own.

The flames on it instantly erupted, and the temperature soared as though it had lost control. Its surface was instantly red, and so was its interior. It was as though it had transformed into a huge soldering iron.

That was fine, but at the next instant, it emitted an extremely terrifying energy fluctuation, as though… it was about to self-destruct!































































At this moment, in the sky above the Sacrificial Yin River, a huge ball burned and a terrifying pressure continued to spread. From within it, a cracking sound, akin to grinding teeth, sent shivers down the spine.

Especially its color, at that moment, turned an intense shade of crimson, with some parts on the surface even melting due to the terrifying temperature, dripping droplets of molten iron.

The unstable fluctuations from the huge fireball spread crazily, causing everyone who saw it to feel fear.

The earth was affected, experiencing violent tremors, and countless red sand and gravel were lifted into the air, drawn by the burning ancient sun. The river's surface was the same, as strands of river water flowed in reverse, creating a boundless sea of crimson.

This scene instantly caused everyone's minds to rumble like countless lightning bolts had exploded in their minds.

"What's going on!"

"Damn it, I knew it!"

"Every time Chen Erniu makes a move, nothing good happens. He's just feeling uncomfortable if he doesn't court death. How hateful that I actually believed his nonsense again!!"

Wu Jianwu and Ning Yan's faces turned pale. A sense of life-and-death crisis suddenly erupted in their minds and they trembled intensely. Ning Yan's reaction was the fastest. He screamed and turned to run frantically.

As he ran, he also retracted his vine as fast as possible.

Wu Jianwu's cultivation wasn't high enough and he was a little slower. However, he grabbed the vine that Ning Yan dragged on the ground and borrowed the momentum to escape.

Li Youfei's reaction was also extremely fast. He was extremely shocked and his scalp felt numb. This was the first time he was doing anything with Xu Qing, so he wasn't mentally prepared. Looking at the sun that was emitting a terrifying pressure and was about to self-destruct, his mind was buzzing and he instinctively fled rapidly.



The three of them were very fast and wanted to teleport. However, not only were there the captain's restrictions in this range, but there was also the envelopment of the ancient sun. The space was chaotic and teleportation couldn't be carried out.

Although the parrot could do it… its feathers hadn't grown out yet.

"It's over, it's over. I'm going to die. I hate it!" The parrot was filled with grief and indignation. It bit Ning Yan's vine and endless regret rose in its heart.

"The biggest mistake in my life was to go to the Bitter Life Mountain Range…"

Although the three of them reacted quickly, they couldn't escape too far in a short period of time.

Xu Qing took a look and sighed. He had actually expected this. He knew that every time his captain did something, it would definitely be like this. At that moment, he didn't escape in the direction of Ning Yan and the others. Instead, he turned and headed straight for the Sacrificial Yin.

Compared to the empty outside world, the effect would clearly be better with the help of the power of the Sacrificial Yin River.

However, he also reminded Ning Yan and the others in the distance.

"Enter the Sacrificial Yin River!"

When Ning Yan and Wu Jianwu heard this, they instantly changed directions. Li Youfei was stunned for a moment. When he thought of his uniqueness, he gritted his teeth and rushed over as well.

As for the captain, he was completely dumbfounded as he looked at the sun in the sky.

Sensing the terrifying fluctuations from the sun, the captain spoke blankly as he retreated with Xu Qing.

"No, I've already calculated it. There shouldn't have been any mistakes. It's really a small matter…"

Xu Qing stepped onto the Sacrificial Yin River and glanced at the captain.

"You call this a small matter?"

"It's really a small matter. I'm just dredging out something to light."

The captain's mind was in a mess. This time, he really didn't expect this. From what he knew, this was indeed a small matter and he had prepared for this for a long time.

"What's the big deal about dredging out the sun? It's not like we're catching a god. Logically speaking, it shouldn't be like this."

The captain felt aggrieved and depressed. His heart ached even more. He felt that there was a problem with this ancient sun and it didn't match his plan. He couldn't take it away.

"Little Qing, I want to go over and take a look. Maybe I can even repair it…"

As soon as the captain finished speaking, the aura of the ancient sun erupted again in the air, and the fluctuations became even more terrifying.

The surrounding ground no longer had sand and gravel rising into the air. Instead, it was burning and the mountain rocks instantly melted.

The nearby river water also boiled. The aura of self-destruction was extremely dense at this moment.

 The might of such a huge sun's self-destruction was indescribable. However, one thing was certain. All existences in this area would instantly turn to ashes.

The captain instantly put away the thought of saving the sun. Xu Qing also gasped. The feeling of life-and-death crisis rose and churned in his mind. He sped up and drilled into the river.

However, at this moment, the ancient sun floating in the air suddenly sank.

Immediately, the color of the sky changed and heat waves erupted. The pressure inside was extremely intense.

What was even more terrifying was that the ancient sun didn't just sink a little. It charged toward Xu Qing and the captain.

In Xu Qing's eyes, the already huge sun became even larger as it got closer. The moment the sun got close, the Sacrificial Yin River around him and the captain actually froze.

They weren't allowed to enter!

Xu Qing and the captain's entry was forcefully interrupted.

Xu Qing's expression changed drastically and he was about to change directions. However, at the next instant, the pressure bound him. In the blink of an eye, Xu Qing shockingly discovered that he couldn't move at all.

He wasn't the only one. The river was like this, and so was the ground. Ning Yan and the other two lost their mobility and stood there completely frozen.

The captain wailed.

"What is this? Does this thing have intelligence?"

Xu Qing's scalp went numb and the horror in everyone's hearts transformed into a storm of death. Under the monstrous eruption, the ancient sun rapidly approached but it grew smaller and smaller.































































In the end, as everyone trembled, this enormously huge sun actually transformed into a fist-sized fireball, held in the hand of a figure that suddenly appeared from the void.

The person who appeared was dressed in a tattered brown robe, extraordinarily handsome, with long flowing hair that created wisps of specters trailing behind him. His blue eyes, like precious gems, exuded an indescribable sense of nobility.

His appearance caused the sky to freeze, the earth to solidify, the wind to cease its dance, and the flames to become specimens.

Even the water of the Sacrificial Yin River seemed to have become a painting and was motionless.

Everything in the world stopped as this person walked over.

Only the minds of living were still working, so the endless and overwhelming fear erupted within the minds of the people.

Ning Yan was terrified and Wu Jianwu's heart trembled. They had recognized the identity of the person who came…

And Li Youfei was on the verge of breaking down. Following Xu Qing, he felt that everything that was happening was overturning his imagination. In just a few months, he had witnessed and experienced things that exceeded the first half of his life.

Although he didn't know who this person was, he was already horrified when he saw that the incomparably violent sun was like a toy in the hands of the person.

The captain's pupils also contracted. A monstrous wave rose in his heart and he was at a loss.

"Why is there an additional person in my sun… What did I dredge out? Also, this person… looks a little familiar."

The captain's body trembled.

Xu Qing trembled as well.



Xu Qing looked at the figure walking toward him with the sun in his hand. He was also at a loss. He never expected that his captain would f*cking dredge out the ruler's heir as a small matter!

Looking at the other party, Xu Qing couldn't help but recall the scene of them finding the iron ball at the bottom of the river.

At that time, the heir was probably in the iron ball.

Xu Qing then thought of those rumors and guessed that after the heir and Princess Mingmei fought against the Red Moon's divine son, the other party had hidden in this ancient sun to recuperate.

This was indeed a very good place to hide…

The ancient sun originally came from the ruler's era, so the heir naturally understood it better. As for the Sacrificial Yin River, it looked dangerous but with the Crimson Goddess in deep slumber, it became the safest place.

Generally speaking, very few people could find it, other than… the captain who had come to salvage the sun.

"How did you guys find me and why did you set the place where I was on fire?"

The heir's expression was calm as he walked toward Xu Qing and the captain step by step. He lowered his head and looked down, retracting the restraints on everyone.

Ning Yan and Wu Jianwu knelt down with a plop. Li Youfei was the same. The three of them trembled intensely.

There was also the parrot. Its face was filled with fear as it hid in its father's sleeve.

The gaze and aura from the heir formed an indescribable huge pressure that enveloped this area.

The captain smiled awkwardly as he trembled. His expression was even more fawning.

"Senior, it's a misunderstanding, a misunderstanding… We were wrong, we'll leave now. You don't have to bother with us. Why don't you go back and continue resting?"

As the captain spoke, he wanted to retreat.

The heir calmly glanced at him.

The captain fell to the ground with a plop and blood spurted out of his mouth. His entire body was spewing blood like a fountain.

The heir retracted his gaze and looked at Xu Qing.

Xu Qing glanced at the captain who was vomiting blood and his expression became even more respectful. He cupped his fists and bowed to the ruler's heir in front of him. He used the same courtesy he had used back then and spoke in a low voice.

"We didn't know that Senior was here. We came here to complete my master's plan to dredge out the three suns."

When the heir heard this, he looked at Xu Qing with a spurious smile and didn't continue asking. Instead, he looked at the distant horizon.

"Someone's coming soon. We need to leave."

 "Little friend, where are you guys going after dredging out the suns?"

Xu Qing hesitated but didn't dare to hide it. Hence, he told the truth.

"Bitter Life Mountain Range?" The heir fell into deep thought and smiled. With a sway of his body, his appearance changed and he actually transformed into a kind-looking old man.

He retracted all his pressure such that there were no extraordinary energy fluctuations from him. He was like a mortal shopkeeper. At this moment, he walked forward with his hands behind his back.

"I also plan to stay there for a period of time. Let's go, I'll tell you about the foundation of the Red Moon Shrine on the way. This has something to do with you."

As the words were spoken, the bindings on Ning Yan and the other two disappeared, leaving them utterly shocked and unsure of what to do. They all turned to look at Xu Qing. The captain, after ending his bout of bleeding, stood up, clearly shaken, and also looked at Xu Qing.

In their perception, Xu Qing was the person most familiar with this crown prince.

Xu Qing's heart was in a mess. He looked at the heir who had transformed into an old man and gritted his teeth fiercely as he followed.

The group quickly followed behind, with Ning Yan and Wu Jianwu both having weak legs, trembling as they walked. They occasionally exchanged glances, seeing the disbelief and shock in each other's eyes.

"A living Soul Accumulation…"

The captain quickly adjusted his attitude, speeding up to keep pace. He took out a fan, fanning the heir while nodding and bowing, trying to be ingratiating.

"Elder, are you hot? Let me fan you."

"Elder, are you tired? Big Jianjian, hurry up and take out the bear for the elder to ride!"

Everyone trembled as they continued forward. Only Xu Qing looked normal. However, he was at a loss.

'Is he coming to the apothecary with me?'

Time flowed by. Two hours after everyone left, the area they were in earlier suddenly distorted. As the void churned, a huge figure suddenly descended.

This figure was hazy, and his features were not clear. All that could be seen was a wide scarlet robe spreading open around him, covering the sky and blanketing the earth.

Everything turned red at this moment.

Furthermore, his divine aura far exceeded that of Nihility. It seemed to manifest countless rules and laws around him, with even the phantoms of the sun, moon, and stars circling in his presence.

The moment this person appeared, the surroundings turned blurry and the Red Moon's authority skyrocketed. As he waved his hand, time here began to reverse, as if backtracking.

Countless fragments emerged from nothingness, continuously piecing together to recreate everything that had happened here. However, just as these fragments began to assemble, before the images could fully form, they trembled intensely.

At the next instant, all the fragments collapsed and dissipated.

The figure who arrived fell silent. He then looked at the Sacrificial Yin River. With just one glance, the river started churning.

"River spirits, show yourselves." A deep voice echoed from his mouth.

In the blink of an eye, numerous river spirits appeared on the river's surface, bowing in reverence to the figure.

"Greetings, High Priest."

"What happened here?" The huge figure calmly asked, his voice echoing like thunder.

The river spirits were at a loss and all shook their heads. They really didn't know.

"Cognition has been modified…" The huge figure's gaze swept over and he looked into the distance. After a long time, his figure blurred and disappeared from here.

Only his voice continued to linger for a long time.

"Ruler's heir, you were actually hiding here… Then why did you choose to go out now?"































































The sky over the Moon Worship Region was dim, and it was pitch black during the night. There were no stars, and there was no sun or moon to be seen.

It was as though someone had covered the sky with a black curtain, shrouding all things and obscuring the eyes of living beings.

At this moment, in the pitch-black night sky, there were hidden ripples spreading out.

Within these ripples was a huge artificial sun. It was the little dumpling.

The ruler's heir refused to use Wu Jianwu's bear as a mount, so the captain took out the little dumpling.

The heir was quite satisfied with this artificial sun. Hence, after using his ability to conceal it, the group of them headed toward the Bitter Life Mountain Range in the sun.

But now, in this artificial sun, the atmosphere was incomparably oppressive.

Ning Yan sat upright but he couldn't help but tremble. He had been trembling for more than half a day. Even though all the flesh in his body was in pain, he still couldn't help it. That feeling of being a mortal facing a ferocious tiger made him unable to calm his mind even when he meditated.

It was the same for Wu Jianwu. He was trembling and didn't dare to breathe loudly.

As for Li Youfei, he was even more tense. His nervousness and fear had already transformed into a surging tide after he vaguely guessed the old man's cultivation level, drowning him until he felt suffocation.

This suffocating feeling caused his reverence for Xu Qing to surpass the past and reach the peak.

He felt that the master was indeed a master. Not only did he have a mysterious background, but his actions also exceeded his imagination. He had also heard of the name of this cultivation level 'Soul Accumulation,' but from childhood to adulthood, he had never seen anyone with this level of cultivation, let alone encountered them.

He hadn't even seen a single strand of hair.

At the thought of this, Li Youfei instinctively looked at Xu Qing.



Xu Qing's location was beside the heir. Almost no one dared to sit there. Xu Qing originally didn't want to, but after the heir sat there, he waved at him.

Hence, Xu Qing could only brace himself and sit down.

The captain also dared to stay there. At this moment, he was constantly fanning the crown prince. The fawning expression on his face never disappeared.

"Elder, what do you think of the wind? Do you want me to increase it a bit more?"

The heir nodded.

The captain went all out.

Xu Qing sat beside the heir and his hair fluttered slightly. He glanced at the captain who was working hard and gave him an encouraging look.

When the captain saw this, he put even more strength. The heir who had transformed into an old man lowered his head and looked at the surrounding ground.

Previously, this was the residence of the captain, Ning Yan, and Wu Jianwu. With three grown men living together, it was inevitable that it would be a little messy and dirty, especially with Wu Jianwu's descendants.

The captain noticed the old man's gaze and was about to speak when Ning Yan, who had been trembling the entire time, instantly pounced over and quickly cleaned up the ground.

His movements were so fast that a deep look appeared in the captain's eyes.

Ning Yan didn't bother with the captain's gaze. He understood that the old man might be his future backer and his savior who could bring him out of this bitter life. As long as he served this elder well, Erniu wouldn't dare to provoke him.

Hence, he frantically wiped it clean. After he was done, the crown prince revealed a satisfied expression.

Ning Yan quickly recalled the faces of some people from his memory, imitating their actions by placing his hands in front of his sleeves and forming a smile on his face.

"Sir, if there's anything you're not satisfied with, just tell me. I'll clean it up immediately."

Looking at Ning Yan's appearance, reminiscence appeared in the crown prince's eyes. It was as though Ning Yan's actions reminded him of some old friends. Hence, the gaze he used to look at Ning Yan became much gentler.

"The density of your bloodline is not bad. If you continue to refine it, your future will be limitless."

When Ning Yan heard this, he was excited and hurriedly thanked the heir for his guidance.

This scene was noticed by Wu Jianwu and he became anxious. However, at the next instant, the parrot beside him suddenly flew out. After it arrived in front of the crown prince, it carefully probed and landed on the crown prince's knee.

Wu Jianwu's heart skipped a beat. He felt that this parrot had a death wish.

However, the crown prince didn't mind. Instead, he took a few more glances at the parrot and laughed.

 "Your bloodline is even more interesting."

Seeing that the old man didn't chase it away, the parrot was a little excited. It lifted its head and looked proudly at everyone as it spoke.

"You guys are nothing when the grandpa is here, come before grandpa quickly!"

As soon as this nonsense poem was recited, Wu Jianwu gasped. His mind was trembling, afraid that he would be implicated. This was the first time the heir laughed.

"Back then, your ancestor didn't have the habits of this ancient sovereign."

When the parrot heard this, it hurriedly spoke.

"The ancestor is nothing. Grandpa is the most important, grandpa is the best, long live grandpa."

The heir smiled and lifted his hand to stroke the parrot's bald head. Clearly, he liked this parrot.

As for the parrot, it was incomparably obedient and allowed the prince to touch it. It was feeling extremely smug. After a long time, its small eyes swept over and it looked at Ning Yan.

"Little Ningzi, hurry up and wipe this place clean. Why are you so blind? You have to remember that in the future, wherever my grandfather is, there can't be the slightest trace of dirt!"

Ning Yan lifted his head and glanced at the parrot. The parrot disdainfully swept its gaze over.

Ning Yan fell silent and continued to wipe.

The parrot quickly checked on the heir and discovered that the other party didn't stop it. It grew bolder and turned its head to look down on the captain.

"And you, whoever-you-are-niu, what's wrong with your fan? Haven't you eaten? You're too weak, and we're too slow. Use one hand to fan my grandpa, and the other to fan the sun to make it burn more thoroughly!"

The captain paused and looked at the parrot.

The parrot lifted its head, still disdainful.

The captain narrowed his eyes and was about to speak when the heir suddenly spoke.

"The person who came to the Heavenly Fire Sea back then was you, right?"

The captain's heart skipped a beat and he hurriedly shook his head.

"It wasn't me, it wasn't me."

The heir's gaze was deep. He glanced at the captain and didn't continue asking.

The captain heaved a sigh of relief. He waved his left hand and hurriedly took out another fan.

"Little parrot is sensible. You're right, I'll fan the sun."

As he spoke, the captain moved his hands. In an instant, the speed of the sun increased by a lot.

Seeing that Chen Erniu had submitted to it and the heir was even helping to chastise the other, the parrot's heart was filled with excitement, and its courage grew immensely.

It felt that this was its moment of glory and also the peak of its bird life. Hence, it summoned its father over to massage its grandfather. After that, it glared at Xu Qing angrily and prepared to take revenge.

"And you, Little Qing, the road ahead is long. You should dance for my grandfather and make him happy."

When Ning Yan and Wu Jianwu heard this, they secretly looked over. The captain, on the other hand, had a spurious smile on his face.

Xu Qing was expressionless from the start. At this moment, he glanced at the parrot.

The parrot lifted its head and let out an arrogant voice.

"What are you loo… ga?!"

Before it could finish speaking, it fell to the ground with a plop and spat out a mouthful of blood as it cried out involuntarily.

"Why is there still poison!"

Xu Qing's expression was calm. He ignored the parrot and looked at the heir, respectfully speaking.

"Senior, I wonder what you meant by the Red Moon foundation being somewhat related to me."

The heir glanced at the parrot and smiled as he touched its body. Shortly after, a hint of surprise appeared in his eyes and he turned to look at Xu Qing.

"This is the trump card my master prepared for me, a type of god's curse poison."

Xu Qing knew what the crown prince's gaze meant, so he explained.

When the heir heard this, he had a spurious smile on his face. His transformed demeanor made him appear amiable, as if he were an elder visiting his junior.

Xu Qing's expression became increasingly respectful.

A long time later, the crown prince's hoarse voice echoed in the sun.

"You once told me that the Crimson Goddess is our common enemy. I don't know what your master's plan is, but no matter what, if you want to target the Crimson Goddess, you have to first get rid of the Red Moon Shrine."

"The last time I went to the Red Moon Shrine, other than some personal reasons and plans, I investigated the foundation that the Crimson Goddess left for the shrine."

The heir looked at Xu Qing.

Ning Yan and Wu Jianwu pricked up their ears. The captain blinked.

"I once told you that although the influence of the heavenly law prevented you from hearing too much, you should still remember that I told you that before the Crimson Goddess became a god, she was killed by my father."

As soon as the heir spoke, other than the captain and Xu Qing, everyone's hearts trembled violently. Their expressions changed drastically and they instinctively felt horror.

This was especially so for Li Youfei. As a native, his mind suddenly rumbled when he heard this explosive information.

"As for the foundation that the Crimson Goddess left for the temple, it was the skin that she shed when she transformed from a mortal into a god back then!"

"It contains the dense primordial power of the Red Moon. It is the core of the Red Moon Shrine. With it, the temple won't be destroyed."

"This is because outsiders will be assimilated if they get close and lose themselves, becoming believers of the Crimson Goddess. Even the temple cultivators don't dare to touch it and can only worship it."

"Even the divine son has to ask the Crimson Goddess for permission before he can use it. However, the Crimson Goddess is in a deep sleep and can't respond."

"Only you… might be able to."

The crown prince's gaze was deep as he spoke softly.

Xu Qing fell into deep thought. The captain's brows rose slightly and the heir didn't speak anymore.

Just like that, days passed. Although they were already used to the heir's presence, Wu Jianwu, Ning Yan, and Li Youfei were still nervous and didn't dare to relax.

Only the parrot, whose poison had been suppressed by the crown prince, perked up again and strutted around. However, it seemed to have developed a deep fear of Xu Qing.

It seemed to have no recollection of previous interactions with other people. It continued to be demanding and bossy, which frustrated Ning Yan and occasionally amused the captain.

However, with the crown prince around, it wasn't good for him to flare up. The parrot wasn't stupid either, so when the crown prince was resting, it wouldn't leave his side at all.

Seeing that he didn't have a chance, the captain engraved this matter in his mind and began to busy himself with his matters.

He would often take out a mirror in front of Xu Qing and enter it when the heir was resting, returning quickly.

Every time when he did that, he would look at Xu Qing proudly, wanting to see surprise on Xu Qing's face.

Xu Qing remained silent every time. However, the captain's gaze was frequently on him. So he sighed inwardly and asked the words the captain wanted to hear.

"Eldest Senior Brother, what have you been doing these few days?"

The captain chuckled. He had been waiting for these words.

"Little Qing, you've been in the Bitter Life Mountain Range for quite some time. I refuse to believe you didn't know. You've been feeling troubled, which is why you took so long to ask me, right?"

"Haha, your guess is correct. I entered the Moon Rebel Hall."

The captain patted Xu Qing's shoulder with a look of understanding.

"I understand. Little Qing, you should have tried it in the Bitter Life Mountain Range but you were stuck in the second stage, right? You have the authority of the Red Moon on you, so it's impossible for you to pass."

"It's a pity that you can't see the scenery of the Moon Rebel Hall. Let me tell you, something major has happened in the Moon Rebel Hall recently!"

"An Alchemy Master has appeared!"

The captain spoke to Xu Qing in a mysterious and low tone.

"No one knows the origins of that Alchemy Master, but let me tell you, with my efforts, Master and I are already best friends."

Xu Qing hesitated. He wasn't sure if the captain was talking about him or not. Just as he was about to ask, the captain spoke proudly.

"Let's not talk about this first. I'll tell you the story of Master and me later. Let's get to the main point. I've recently accepted a mission in the Moon Rebel Hall. We can complete it along the way in the next few days. The reward is extremely generous. With the old sir here, what are we afraid of? So, I've been searching for more missions these days!"

Xu Qing understood the captain's habit of using all the resources around him and wasn't surprised. Hence, he asked.

"What mission?"

The captain whispered.

"There was an unlucky cultivator from Moon Rebel Hall who tried to cultivate a Hundred Poison Immunity Body. In the end, he was poisoned and was in seclusion. He hasn't been able to move for a long time."

"This cultivator tried his best but couldn't neutralize the poison. The poison should be acting up and he's about to die, so he revealed his location and issued a distress mission in the Moon Rebel Hall."































































The captain's voice landed in Xu Qing's ears, but he didn't speak. He felt that this storyline was somewhat familiar.

He remembered that back then in the Moon Rebel Hall, he had also encountered an expert who claimed to be cultivating a body that was immune to all poisons. At that time, after the transaction, he had even reminded the other party many times not to directly consume the poison pill.

Afterwards, the other party didn't appear again and he was busy refining pills on Li Youfei, so he didn't pay much attention to this.

'Is it the same person?' Xu Qing mumbled inwardly.

"This guy should be in a hurry, so the reward is extremely generous." The captain took out a peach and took a bite before continuing.

"I'm thinking that with the old sir around, even if the other party is baiting, we won't encounter any danger. If he is really calling for help, Little Qing, your Poison Dao will probably be able to resolve it easily."

"To us, this is like picking up money."

The captain took out an apple and passed it to Xu Qing.

"How is it, Little Qing? Are you going to do this or not? Although you can't enter the Moon Rebel Hall, it's fine. I'm here!"

Xu Qing took the apple. After some thought, he agreed.

He planned to go and see if it was that person. If it was really… he would indeed be able to detoxify the poison in passing. After all, the curse information the other party had given him back then was genuine. The other party had been poisoned with his poison pill, so he had to help.

Seeing that Xu Qing agreed, the captain was secretly delighted. He glanced at the heir meditating in the distance.



'It'll be a waste not to use the presence of a Soul Accumulation.'

In reality, he had another motive for this matter, and that was to make a name for himself in the Moon Rebel Hall.

Ever since joining the Moon Rebel Hall, the captain discovered the structure there and understood that in such a trade centered mountain, reputation was crucial. However, he was unwilling to sell his own belongings. So, he planned to take a different approach and create his own reputation by helping others.

'Also, there's that Master Pill Nine. There are too many people waiting outside his temple every day. I can't squeeze in. I have to think of a way.'

The captain's thoughts raced. He looked at Xu Qing and suddenly spoke.

"Little Qing, how's your research on curses?"

"I have some ideas," said Xu Qing, his gaze fixed on the captain. The captain's earlier pride and excitement about joining the Moon Rebel Hall had made Xu Qing hesitant to mention his own membership, fearing it might dampen the captain's joy.

"It's fine. How can the curse be removed so easily? However, when you have time, you can study the curse-resolving pill."

As the captain spoke, his eyes revealed longing.

"Little Qing, you don't know but the curse-resolving pill is too significant to the people from the Moon Rebel Hall."

"Didn't I tell you that something major happened in the Moon Rebel Hall recently and a Master appeared? It's that good friend of mine."

Xu Qing nodded.

"This person isn't simple. He's a genius in alchemy and can make a large number of curse-resolving pills. I was also lucky enough to get to know him some time ago and have a long chat. I admire his talent and he admires my erudition, so the two of us became good friends."

"Through that conversation, I gained a deeper understanding of this Master's talent."

The captain's eyes revealed reminiscence as he sighed with emotion.

Xu Qing blinked but didn't speak.

"Little Qing, don't be discouraged. It's fine. I've spoken to Master and he promised to give me a curse-resolving pill. When the time comes, I'll bring it for you to study and see if we can crack it and make some."

The captain's words attracted the attention of Ning Yan and Wu Jianwu. Li Youfei also looked over curiously. They hadn't joined the Moon Rebel Hall and didn't know what had happened inside.

However, when he heard the words 'Master' and the large number of concoctions of curse-resolving pills, Li Youfei instinctively stole a glance at Xu Qing.

Ning Yan couldn't help but ask.

"Senior Brother Erniu, is that Moon Rebel Hall's Master that amazing? He can make a large number of curse-resolving pills?"

After arriving at the Moon Worship Region, Ning Yan and Wu Jianwu had gained some understanding of the value of the curse-resolving pills through the Yin Yang Flower Sect's wanted list. When they heard the captain's words, they were both very shocked.

The captain lifted his chin and smiled proudly.

 "Not just amazing!"

"When that Master Pill Nine appeared, the temple he was in shook for two months and a supreme Dao voice rang out. His neighbors were lucky. After they heard about it, their curses were suppressed."

"Therefore, some people speculate that the Moon Rebel Hall took the initiative to invite this master."

As soon as he said this, Ning Yan gasped. Wu Jianwu's eyes widened, and Li Youfei's expression changed.

Seeing everyone like this, the captain became even more excited.

"The most shocking thing is that the price of his curse-resolving pill is only about 10% of the market price. The effect is even more astonishing. All the buyers are shocked."

"You guys aren't from the Moon Rebel Hall, so you can't see that there are hundreds of people waiting bitterly outside that Master's residence every day!"

"As long as Master releases a pill, a large number of cultivators will fight to obtain it."

"That scene is extremely spectacular."

The captain sighed with emotion. Wu Jianwu and Ning Yan's minds shook. Only Li Youfei's heart started churning. The more he listened, the more he felt that this Master seemed to be Xu Qing.

Xu Qing thought about it and also put on an incredulous expression.

"However, there are many troubles when one is popular. My good friend is also very troubled now." The captain coughed and sighed.

"The price of his curse-resolving pills is too low and it has affected other people's business. Previously, because his popularity in the Moon Rebel Hall was too high, even though those people were unhappy, they couldn't say anything."































































"However, Master hasn't released any pills for a while now. So those who were losing profits saw an opportunity and started spreading negative rumors."

"Moreover, some former alchemy masters have also chimed in. Some praise the pills, others criticize them, and there are those who claim that these imitations pose significant risks compared to authentic curse-resolving pills."

"Some even speculate that the master hasn't released any pills for so long because they weren't personally refined, and the source has run dry."

"There are even rumors that this Master is a person of the Red Moon Shrine, and that this might be a sinister pill refined by the Red Moon Shrine."

"There are all kinds of opinions."

The captain sighed. Wu Jianwu and Ning Yan also felt waves in their hearts. Li Youfei fell silent.

Xu Qing sighed softly. It had been a while since he had gone to the Moon Rebel Hall. He didn't know much about the things the captain had said, especially about the slanders.

"Let the situation take its own course. No need to pay attention to what outsiders say."

Xu Qing spoke softly.

"That's right. I also persuaded my good friend like this. It was also under my persuasion that his mental state became better and he wasn't affected by the slanders."

The captain lifted his head, his expression filled with emotion.

Xu Qing glanced at the captain again and nodded.



The captain was smug and was about to continue. However, at this moment, the parrot on the crown prince's knee in the distance opened its eyes and proudly swept its gaze toward Xu Qing and the others, letting out a sharp cry.

"What are you all discussing over there? Not working? Chen Er Niu, it's too hot. Come over here and fan my grandfather!"

The captain glared but noticed that the heir had also ended his cultivation at this moment. He sighed inwardly and revealed a fawning expression as he hurriedly ran over.

The parrot disdainfully continued to berate the others. Even its father wasn't an exception.

Ning Yan, Wu Jianwu, and Li Youfei also quickly moved.

This was everyone's daily life in the sun.

Xu Qing looked at these and sighed. He felt that the parrot probably wouldn't have a good time in the future.

This was indeed the case. A few days later, when the heir was resting, the captain brought Ning Yan and Wu Jianwu to Xu Qing's side.

The captain gritted his teeth and spoke.

"Big Jianjian, you have to teach that parrot of yours a lesson. This thing is too annoying!"

When Ning Yan heard this, he nodded heavily and killing intent appeared in his eyes. Over the past few days, his dislike for the arrogant parrot had skyrocketed.

Li Youfei lowered his head and didn't speak. He knew that it wasn't good for him to speak up here, but he agreed inwardly.

Seeing this, Wu Jianwu fell silent for a moment. He then took a deep breath and revealed a look of regret as he recited a poem in a low voice.

"An unfilial child, the heavens despise, a father's heart filled with sorrow and cries, it cannot see who truly prizes it!"

He was also annoyed by that unfilial son.

During this period of time, the parrot had been too arrogant. It bossed him around and had no filial piety to speak of at all. Wu Jianwu felt that if this continued, this unfilial son might one day make him call it daddy.

So the group began to discuss, but no matter what, the parrot didn't leave the heir's side at all, so they couldn't punish it. However, according to the captain's plan, they decided to postpone their actions until they arrived at the Bitter Life Mountain Range.

When there was still half a month to the Bitter Life Mountain Range, under the captain's persuasion and request, the heir agreed to the adjustment of the route.

Hence, the direction of the artificial sun changed slightly and arrived at the White Cloud Mountain Range.

It was also the hiding place of the cultivator from the Moon Rebel Hall who cultivated the Hundred Poison Immunity Body.

The White Cloud Mountain Range was located between Tianshui[1] County and Qingsha County, and it was known for its lush and vibrant vegetation. When viewed from the sky, the region appeared to be full of life.

The abundant environment in this region led to the presence of numerous sects and races. Additionally, due to the severe injuries of the Red Moon Shine's divine son and the frequent uprisings in various places, various forces within White Cloud Mountain Range were also showing signs of change.

Similarly, this was also one of the areas that the Red Moon Shrine wanted to suppress. When Xu Qing and the others arrived, Xu Qing could sense the fluctuations of the Red Moon Shrine from afar.

 The captain also sensed it.

As they moved forward in the concealed sun, a huge Red Moon Shrine soon appeared on the distant horizon.

Unlike the heart that Xu Qing had seen before, the Red Moon Shrine here was constructed on a massive eyeball. This eyeball was veined with dark blood vessels, emitting a probing power that swept across the land as it advanced.

A large number of meteorites floated in the surroundings. There were many cultivators on them and all of them emitted killing intent.

Wherever it passed, the surroundings fell silent.

Noticing this, the speed of the sun that was hidden in the void slowed down. The captain was a little anxious.

"The temple is here too? Has the tracks of that unlucky fellow been exposed?"

As he spoke, he hurriedly took out a mirror and entered the Moon Rebel Hall. Very soon, he returned and he quickly spoke to Xu Qing.

"I contacted that unlucky fellow from the Moon Rebel Hall. This fellow had no choice but to spread the distress mission, and someone with ulterior motives must have secretly reported it to the Red Moon Shrine."

"That's why he doesn't dare to tell us the exact location of his hiding place now."

As soon as the captain finished speaking, Xu Qing lifted his head and paid attention to the Red Moon Shrine in the distance. He discovered that the temple had suddenly changed directions and was speeding in a certain direction.

"The Red Moon Shrine seems to have found him."

Xu Qing's gaze froze as he spoke in a deep voice.

When the captain heard this, he immediately controlled the sun to speed through the sky and follow closely. Very soon, they saw the Red Moon Shrine stopping above a valley.

The huge blood-red eye emitted a demonic light as it locked onto the valley below. After that, a red light erupted from the eye.

[1] Tianshui - Heavenly water.































































Countless blood vessels gleamed, forming a series of runic imprints that fell into the valley.

The earth trembled, rocks shattered, and the valley collapsed in an instant, raising a cloud of dust that spread far and wide. Simultaneously, the ground where the valley had been located caved in, revealing a massive hole.

There was a cave inside.

In the center, amidst the falling rocks and soil, one could vaguely discern an altar with a person lying upon it. They seemed to be struggling but were too weak to move, and a thick cloud of poisonous mist enveloped them.

Around the altar, there were puddles of black blood, some dry and others fresh. It was evident that this person had been here for a long time, and it was unclear how many times they had coughed up blood.

When Xu Qing saw this, he sighed inwardly.

He recognized his poison…

The captain blinked and felt that the poison was a little familiar. Hence, he glanced at Xu Qing suspiciously. However, now wasn't the time to ask. He hurriedly looked at the ruler's heir with a fawning expression.

"Elder…"

The crown prince was teasing the parrot and pretended not to hear.

The captain was helpless and shot Xu Qing a look.

Xu Qing turned his head and bowed respectfully to the heir as he spoke softly.

"Senior…"



When the heir heard this, he lifted his eyelids and calmly spoke.

"What should you call me?"

Xu Qing blinked and immediately replied.

"Elder[1]."

The heir smiled and glanced at the outside world. At the next instant… the Red Moon Shrine that was floating above the valley suddenly trembled.

A large number of meteorites in the surroundings suddenly self-destructed without any warning, and the thunderous sound instantly spread in all directions. The cultivators on these meteorites lost consciousness and fell to the ground like dumplings in a pot.

Immediately after, the Red Moon Shrine on the blood-red eye wanted to struggle, but it only lasted for a breath of time before the blood-red light dimmed.

The gate opened and a middle-aged divine envoy in a red robe inlaid with gold walked out.

This divine envoy had a stern countenance, exuding a commanding presence. He appeared to be of high status, but at this moment, his eyes were hollow, his face devoid of expression. He moved forward step by step like a puppet, appearing quite numb.

Behind him were three divine servants who were also wearing red divine robes. There were two men and one woman with identical expressions and movements. They walked forward in an orderly manner.

Behind them were dozens of divine slaves. They also walked with the same pace, as though there was an invisible thread on each of their bodies that was being fiddled with.

There was a faint feeling of sacrificial dance.

After this group of people walked into the air, they stood there motionlessly.

This strange scene caused Wu Jianwu and Li Youfei's hearts to tremble violently. Although they knew how terrifying the Soul Accumulation was, the two of them didn't have much concept of how strong it was.

Now that they had seen it with their own eyes, they couldn't help but have a realization.

"Like a god…"

As the two of them trembled, Ning Yan sighed and tried his best to wipe the ground.

The captain was overjoyed. After giving Xu Qing a rewarding look, he leaped out and headed straight for the large hole on the ground of the valley as he shouted.

"37951, is it you?!"

The captain's voice echoed. The fingers of the figure in the poison mist on the altar moved slightly and his eyelids weakly opened. He wanted to move but couldn't. Only his mouth could barely function as he let out a weak voice.

"The Red Moon isn't eternal…"

"You are in such a state and you're still trying to match the secret code? Are you 37951 or not?!" The captain moved closer and looked at the figure in the fog.

 "I am…" The figure in the fog weakly replied.

While they were talking, Xu Qing also walked out of the sun. He glanced at the mess on the ground and then entered the large hole to look at the cave inside. After he walked over, he saw the black blood in the surroundings and the figure in the fog.

"I told him long ago not to swallow it immediately…"

Xu Qing thought to himself.

After confirming the other party's number, the captain squatted in front of the fog and asked curiously.

"How did you fall into this state? Don't you cultivate the Hundred Poison Immunity Body? You are quite weak."

When the figure in the fog heard this, he felt grief and indignation in his heart. He wanted to speak, but the injuries he had accumulated erupted as his mood fluctuated. Hence, he spat out a mouthful of black blood and fainted.

"He didn't die, did he?"

The captain was shocked and Xu Qing quickly got close. He lifted his right hand and waved it. Immediately, the poison mist here dissipated, revealing the true appearance of the unlucky fellow inside.

This was an elderly man, dressed in a wrinkled navy-blue robe, with entirely gray and white hair. He had high cheekbones and a large frame, giving off an air of pride and determination. It seemed that in ordinary times, he must have been a decisive and resolute individual.

And the wrinkles covering his face not only didn't accentuate his age but added to his dignity, making it evident that he was a significant figure.

But at this moment, over everything, there was a profound sense of sorrow. The furrowed brows held the helplessness of life, and the entire demeanor exuded a feeling of life not being worth it.

Especially the black blood that was flowing from the corners of his mouth, it was a shocking sight.

His fists were clenched tightly, as though he wanted to crush all the unwillingness in his heart. However, it was obvious that… he couldn't do it.

Xu Qing looked at all of this and sighed inwardly. He waved his right hand and a pill flew out. After it landed in front of the old man, the pill suddenly exploded, transforming into wisps of white gas that entered the old man's seven orifices and began to detoxify the poison.

Very soon, most of the poison in the old man's body was neutralized by Xu Qing. When the captain saw this, his expression became even more suspicious. He looked at the old man and then at Xu Qing.

He felt that the detoxification of this poison was too easy. It was as though… Xu Qing was the one who had poisoned him.

[1] 老爷爷 is grandpa. It is an affectionate term used to address one's grandfather or an elderly man.































































He thought it was unlikely. Little Qing couldn't enter the Moon Rebel Hall, and the two of them obviously didn't know each other before. The likelihood of Xu Qing poisoning the latter in real life was low.

This puzzled the captain. At that moment, the old man slowly woke up. He looked around blankly but at the next instant, his eyes uttered sharpness as he suddenly sat up.

After sensing that most of the poison in his body had dissipated, his expression instantly changed. He looked at the captain and Xu Qing.

"How did you neutralize my poison?"

Xu Qing didn't say anything and expressionlessly took a few steps back. The captain chuckled and sized up the old man.

"37951, tell me first. How did you fall into this state?"

The old man fell silent. As someone who had held a high position for a long time, he rarely encountered a Nascent Soul cultivator who dared to speak to him in an equal tone.

Considering that the other party had saved his life and neutralized his poison, as well as appeared from the encirclement of the Red Moon, many thoughts and doubts rose in his heart.

This was especially so since he didn't know what was going on outside…

At the thought of this, the old man suppressed the thoughts in his heart. He only wanted to leave as soon as possible. He stood up and tidied his clothes. A sense of dignity also rose as he spoke in a low voice.

"Thank you, little friends, but let's not talk about private matters. This is my tribulation and I don't want to tell others."



As he spoke, he took out a storage bag and threw it to the captain.

"This is the reward I promised earlier. I can't stay here for long. If we meet again in the future, this old man will repay you in another way."

After saying that, the old man's body swayed and he rose into the air. He didn't bother with Xu Qing and the captain anymore. He circulated his cultivation and headed outside. He was also prepared to fight to the death.

However, the instant he rushed out of the cave, he saw the situation outside and couldn't help but stop in his tracks. Everything in front of him caused a huge commotion in his heart and his expression instantly became bewildered.

As far as the eye could see, there were many cultivators from the Red Moon Shrine lying everywhere. All of them were unscathed but they had lost consciousness. What shocked him the most was the Red Moon Divine Envoy standing in the air.

"What's going on!!"

This scene caused the old man's heart to stir. He noticed that the divine envoy in the air seemed to have been stopped there.

Other than being shocked, he couldn't help but turn his head and look behind him. He thought to himself that in the two months he had been fighting with his life against poison, what had happened outside and who were these two people…

He was a little hesitant. He thought about his previous attitude, so he turned and returned to the cave. He put away all his dignity and became incomparably polite.

"Previously, I was anxious and my words were presumptuous. Thank you, Fellow Daoists, for saving my life. Outside…"

The old man looked at Xu Qing and the captain and probed.

He could sense the bizarreness of the people from the temple outside, but he couldn't imagine what kind of background and ability could make the cultivators from the Red Moon Shrine, including the divine envoy, lose consciousness.

Xu Qing was expressionless, but the captain smiled and spoke.

"There's no need to worry about the outside situation. 37951, your poison injuries were so serious. Was it caused by your enemy?"

He was filled with curiosity about the old man's poison injuries.

The old man looked at the two people in front of him and then glanced at the shocking situation outside. He pondered in his heart and sighed, choosing to tell them.

"It's nothing much."

"What is it?" The captain was curious.

"This old man bought a poison pill from a person in the Moon Rebel Hall two months ago," the old man slowly said.

"And?" the captain pressed.

"That pill was very cheap, so I didn't care too much about it." The old man shook his head.

"Was there a problem with this pill?" The captain quickly asked.

The old man fell silent before continuing to speak. At the start, he only said a few simple words. However, after three to five sentences, with the active cooperation of the captain, the grievances he had accumulated during this period of time turned into a desire to confide.

"I originally thought that it was an ordinary poisonous pill, but who would have thought that this brat would play tricks on me!"

"At first, I felt alright after swallowing that medicinal pill. It felt ordinary but who knew that the aftereffects would become greater and greater? In the end, it directly erupted. Before I could react, I was poisoned!"

 "That's too much!" The captain exclaimed and glanced at Xu Qing.

Xu Qing was expressionless while the old man's face was filled with anger.

"That's right, it's extremely overboard! I couldn't move at all during this period of time and resisted with all my might to neutralize it. I barely survived until you guys arrived. This is f*cking inhumane!"

"I suspect that that brat was sent by my enemy. I was too careless, and he is too vicious!!"

"The most overboard thing is that the poison pill is a compound poison. Compound poison is so expensive, but he actually sold it to me for just some information. He's too sinister!"

The captain uttered again. As a result, the old man's desire to confide in him grew even stronger. However, Xu Qing's brows furrowed as the other party spoke about the brat again and again.

"Moreover, before this brat left, in order to numb me, he even hypocritically reminded me not to swallow it and to just use its scrape powder. Now that I look at it, he was clearly provoking me!"

The more the old man spoke, the more grief and indignation he felt. In the end, he let out a long sigh.

"It's also my fault for being too headstrong and swallowing it directly…"

"Who do you think this is, if not an enemy? He understands me so well and completely targeted my personality. I have to find this enemy!"































































The old man's face was filled with grief and indignation, and his tone revealed grievance. It would have been fine if he didn't speak, but once he did, he wouldn't stop.

In fact, in the end, he didn't even need the captain to cooperate. He continued to vent the depression in his heart and only finished complaining after a long time.

He then took a deep breath as if releasing much of the inner tension.

The captain's eyes revealed sympathy.

"Then you're quite pitiful. Have you found who did it?"

"I've been recalling who might be behind this, and I've narrowed it down to three potential enemies. Especially that Cripple Tian; I strongly suspect he's the one behind it!"

The old man gritted his teeth and determination appeared in his eyes. After that, he took out two storage bags and handed them to the captain before looking at Xu Qing.

"It's fate that we met. I know that the two of you aren't simple. I know the rules and won't talk about you outside. It's just a small token of respect. Let's be friends."

The captain laughed and took the storage bags. With a sweep of his divine consciousness, he discovered that there were many good things inside. Hence, he smiled brightly and spoke enthusiastically.

"We're already good friends. Remember to stick an incense stick in front of my temple later."

"Definitely!"

The old man said solemnly and cupped his fists toward Xu Qing before bidding farewell.

Looking at the old man's back view, the captain weighed the storage bags in his hand in satisfaction.

As for the scene of the Red Moon Shrine cultivators in a daze that the other party saw, the captain wasn't very worried about the possibility of being exposed.



After all, with the old man around…

At the thought of this, the captain winked at Xu Qing and spoke in a low voice.

"Little Qing, do you think I should continue to accept some missions? This is too convenient…"

"If you don't want to vomit blood all the way back to the Bitter Life Mountain Range, I advise you not to continue." Xu Qing shook his head and calmly replied.

Up until now, he had interacted with the ruler's heir and had some understanding of this Soul Accumulation elder. He gave him the feeling that the other party actually didn't have any good or evil intentions.

Unless he encountered some important arrangements, whether he would make a move or not depended on his mood.

This time, he chose to help, but it didn't mean that it would be the same next time.

The captain felt some regret. However, when he thought of how he had vomited blood from the other party's gaze on the Sacrificial Yin River, he felt that it was better not to take the risk.

Although he had a lot of blood…

"Sigh, I'm too weak in this life." The captain sighed. After that, the scenes of the old man complaining earlier appeared in his mind. Hence, he glanced at Xu Qing and put on a spurious smile, as though he had guessed everything.

"Little Qing, you poisoned him, right?"

After saying that, he paid close attention to Xu Qing's expression.

Xu Qing looked into the captain's eyes and spoke seriously.

"That's right. I did it. I sold it to him."

The captain was shocked and asked.

"You also entered the Moon Rebel Hall?"

This was what he was most concerned about.

When Xu Qing heard this, his expression remained serious as he nodded.

"I entered long ago. To be honest, I'm your best friend, Master Pill Nine."

The captain was originally surprised but when he heard this, he couldn't help but laugh.

"I almost fell for your act, Little Qing. You're quite clever now, but you're still too green. I recognize that serious expression; every time you wear it, it's a facade. When it comes to boasting, you've got some work to do. I'll teach you later."

 Xu Qing blinked and didn't say anything as he walked forward.

The captain hurriedly followed behind. As he walked, he couldn't help but speak.

"Little Qing, is what you said true?"

"It's true," Xu Qing said calmly.

"Then give me a curse-resolving pill to prove that you're my best friend!" The captain looked into Xu Qing's eyes.

"None left." Xu Qing shook his head. He hadn't refined pills on Li Youfei recently, so he didn't have any on him.

When the captain heard this, he laughed again.

"What a coincidence that it's gone. I knew you were bragging, Little Qing. Alright, alright, you are him."

With that, he began to count the items in his storage bags. After distributing half of them to Xu Qing, the two of them walked out of the cave where the altar was located and returned to the sun.

Along with them were the temple's cultivators and the blood-red giant eye. The temple's cultivators, including the divine envoy, who had lost consciousness, were all shifted here and lay scattered around.

Looking at this, Ning Yan, Wu Jianwu, and Li Youfei felt more and more reverence for the heir. At the same time, they also instinctively felt a sense of security.

As the artificial sun shone, everyone left the White Cloud Mountain Range and headed toward the Bitter Life Mountain Range.

The captain's judgment was correct. The cognition of the old man who had fought against poison for more than two months was indeed affected. As he sped through the mountains, another story had taken root in his mind.

This story was the same as what happened, but there was no Red Moon Shrine.

At the same time, in the sun, the captain, who was extremely satisfied with his harvest this time around, was pondering over the authenticity of Xu Qing's words. As the heir raised a hand, his heart suddenly hung in his throat.

The heir who had transformed into an old man was holding an eyeball in his hand and playing with it. From time to time, he would pinch it, causing the captain's expression to change repeatedly.

Xu Qing also looked over.

Back then, he had been curious about the origins of the huge heart where the Red Moon Shrine was located above the Heavenly Fire Sea. When he thought of the blood-red eye with another branch of the Red Moon Shrine and the captain's expression, he fell into deep thought.

"Xu Qing."

The heir calmly spoke.

"Do you know why the Red Moon Shrine is always on some organs when they go out?"

Xu Qing shook his head.

The heir smiled and looked at the captain with a deep gaze.

"Erniu, do you know?"

"Elder, I don't know either…" Just as the captain finished speaking, he saw that the crown prince was about to crush the eye with two fingers. He hurriedly straightened his expression and spoke solemnly.

"Elder, I remember now!"

"Oh?" The crown prince smiled faintly.

Xu Qing's gaze also landed on the captain. As for Ning Yan and the others, they quickly looked over.

The captain took a deep breath with a solemn expression.

"I read about it in some documents before. There was once an extraordinarily heroic and outstanding figure, like a hero, who was compassionate and caring, with a deep sense of empathy for all living beings. Despite having the power to lead a solitary life, he chose to take resolute action in the end!"

"He chose to go into a battle against the Crimson Goddess on the Plain of Gods, all for the sake of the light in his heart, for the justice of his soul, for the future of all things, and to rescue sentient beings from calamity!"

"The battle made a commotion throughout the Wanggu, shook the starry skies, and made the heavens and earth mourn. This extraordinary hero, filled with courage and righteousness, fought against the immensely evil Crimson Goddess for three hundred years!"

"During those three hundred years, the world changed color, the winds raged, and the fluctuations were felt across the entire cosmos. Numerous gods were stirred, and countless beings prayed for him. But the heavens are jealous of great talent. At a crucial moment, his teammates chose to betray him. The great hero ultimately failed with a heart full of resentment. Nevertheless, he still managed to bite off a piece of Crimson Goddess' flesh!"

The captain sighed with emotion.

"The Crimson Goddess hated him to the core and ordered to tear this heaven's chosen's majestic and handsome body into pieces. The organs from him are the ones used by the Red Moon Shrine when they go out…"

Ning Yan's heart trembled and Wu Jianwu's eyes widened. It was the same for Li Youfei. They felt that there were too many adjectives in the captain's words and they were mainly describing his appearance and temperament.

Xu Qing fell silent. He thought of the kidney shown by the clay fox.

As for what the skipper said, he believed the latter part. He didn't believe in the words 'fight for 300 years' at all, let alone those unnecessary adjectives.

"Of course, this great existence is incomparably wise. Hence, before he set off to find the Crimson Goddess, he cut off one of his ears… leaving it for all living beings to remember."

The captain coughed and winked at Xu Qing.

The previous life body of the captain in the Heavenly Bull Mountain Range appeared in Xu Qing's mind. Just as he was in deep thought, the heir's voice slowly rang out.

"Is that so?"

"I've also heard of a version of this matter. It doesn't seem to be what you said."

The heir calmly spoke.

"It seems that there was once a bold and presumptuous person who coveted the flesh and blood of the Crimson Goddess. Hence, he came from another region and hid here."

"This person has some ability. He somehow managed to hide from the temple and got the position of the Red Moon's Grand Ritual Dancer. He even colluded with another god and turned himself into a mosquito."

"While the Crimson Goddess was in a deep sleep, this person used the illusionary transformation technique and entered reality with the help of the other god. He then bit the Crimson Goddess."

"However, before he could absorb the divine blood, he was slapped into pieces by the Crimson Goddess."

"Because of this, the temple endured the anger of the Crimson Goddess. In the end, the divine son gave the order to suppress all the organs and limbs of this person and let him carry the temple forward for generations like a mount."

The prince's calm voice echoed in the sun.

Ning Yan and Wu Jianwu immediately had strange expressions. Li Youfei also took a deep breath but he discovered that he could already adapt to the rhythm of these people.

After all, he had already come into contact with the living Soul Accumulation. So, a mosquito biting the Crimson Goddess wasn't a big deal.

Xu Qing glanced at the captain. Compared to what the captain had uttered earlier, he felt that this version of what the heir had said was more in line with the captain's personality.

The captain smiled awkwardly and hurriedly changed the topic.

"Little Qing, we'll arrive at the Bitter Life Mountain Range in half a month at most. How's the apothecary you opened? Did you give it a name? Do you need me to give you one? For example, call it the Qing Niu Apothecary? Or the Niuniu Apothecary?"

Xu Qing ignored him. He knew that the captain was trying to make him continue the conversation to resolve the awkwardness.

However, although he didn't respond, Ling'er was unhappy.

"There's no need. We have a name. It's Green Spirit[1] Hall!"

During this period of time, Ling'er didn't dare to show her face. She was afraid of the heir. However, now that she saw that the skipper was about to snatch the name given by her and Brother Xu Qing, she couldn't care less and hurriedly came out to cease him.

"Green Spirit Hall?" The skipper was overjoyed and hurriedly asked.

"This name is not bad. How's the business of our apothecary?"

"Business is very good. In the small city, our business is second to none. We have a hundred customers every day!" Ling'er said proudly.

"That's amazing. Is the apothecary large?" The skipper immediately let out a cry of surprise and asked in detail.

"Very big!"

As Ling'er spoke, the image of an apothecary that was like a paradise was reflected in the minds of Ning Yan and Wu Jianwu. The heir also smiled and listened.

Just like that, time flowed by. The concealed sun continued to approach the Bitter Life Mountain Range. When there were still five days to go, the beautiful small apothecary that Ling'er had described to everyone in the earth city of the Bitter Life Mountain Range collapsed…

[1] Green Spirit is Qing Ling in chinese.































































Xu Qing's apothecary wasn't the only one to collapse. At that moment, a large number of buildings in the earth city collapsed amidst rumbling sounds, stirring up waves of dust.

As far as the eye could see, a group of gray-robed cultivators was flattening all the buildings in earth city. The residents here had long scattered and were forcefully expelled.

In the air, seven to eight figures floated and stared at the earth city on the ground.

The person in the lead was a youth. He was short and had an ugly appearance, but his entire body emitted a baleful aura. His cultivation was at the mastered Golden Core Realm and was even more profound than Chen Fanzhuo of the Earthly Growth Sect.

They weren't cultivators from the Bitter Life Mountain Range.

The change in the green wind a few months ago affected the entire desert. It also caused some individual mountains to corrode to varying degrees.

Hence, when the white wind dissipated and the green wind reappeared, many forces had no choice but to migrate. They had to take over a better mountain as soon as possible to avoid the next white wind.

This was a common occurrence. Every time the green wind in the green sand desert changed its color, it would be like this.

As the largest group of mountains in the green sand desert, the Bitter Life Mountain Range naturally became the first choice.

However, the forces in the Bitter Life Mountain Range were mixed and xenophobic. It would be fine if one was alone, but if the forces entered and wanted to develop here, they needed powerful methods.

Hence, during this period of time, killings rose in the Bitter Life Mountain Range and chaotic battles were frequent.

At this moment, what appeared in this earth city was such an external force. They targeted the city at the edge of the Bitter Life Mountain Range and wanted to build this place into the territory of their faction.

Because of this, there was friction with the Earthly Growth Sect here. However, in the end, both sides still chose to stop. After all, to the Earthly Growth Sect, they, who had their own territory, didn't have to retain control of this earth city.



As a result, this group of outsiders successfully took control of the earth city, and the present leader among them, the dwarf, gazed at the city with a satisfied expression.

"Empty this place in five days."

The dwarf calmly spoke. However, at that moment, someone beside him swept his gaze across the ruins of Xu Qing's apothecary. He hesitated for a moment before speaking in a low voice.

"Sect Master, Chen Fanzhuo reminded me earlier that everything here can be touched but that Green Spirit Hall can't be damaged at all…"

The dwarf sneered.

"Chen Fanzhuo is unwilling to lose this city, so he is just giving random warnings."

"Even if this apothecary really has some background, since it opened among the mortals, how big can it be? Besides, this is our sect's future territory. Leaving the apothecary here is inconsistent with the overall situation!"

The person beside him nodded. At that moment, a rainbow whistled over from afar. After it got close, it transformed into a figure. It was Chen Fanzhuo. He glanced at the ruined apothecary and his expression was gloomy as he coldly looked at the dwarf.

"Daoist Mu, I told you before not to touch this apothecary!"

The dwarf glanced over and calmly spoke.

"It's already been touched. What are you going to do?"

At that moment, green sand filled the sky and the wind blew past the earth city, stirring up the dust on the ground and turning the surroundings hazy. Chen Fanzhuo's expression was as calm as water. He coldly glanced at the dwarf and turned to leave without saying a word, sneering inwardly.

'This person isn't far from death.'

At this moment, the dwarf also sneered. He looked at Chen Fanzhuo's back and killing intent flashed in his eyes.

"A timid little Golden Core cultivator with no background. After I acknowledge Master Black Pupil as my master, you'll be the first one I eliminate!"

The dwarf was a little excited when he thought of the person he had managed to get close to in the past half a year. He did have a master, but this master had an average cultivation level and liked to act mysteriously, so he still didn't know the other's name.

In his memory, every time he saw the other party in the past sixty years, his appearance would be different. This caused him to have many guesses about his master's identity.

However, he wasn't very clear about the details. He only knew that the other party was only at the Nascent Soul realm. Compared to Master Black Pupil, his master was inferior.

"I wonder when Master Black Pupil will come; I've been pleading for a long time…"

Just as he thought of this, the jade slip in his storage bag suddenly vibrated. The dwarf's heart skipped a beat and he hurriedly took it out. Very soon, a dignified voice echoed in his mind.

"Daoist Mu, come and see me."

When Daoist Mu heard this, he was immediately excited. This was the voice of Master Black Pupil. He had finally waited for this moment, and now he didn't dare to be negligent. He quickly turned around and flew away.

 At the same time, outside Qingsha County, dark ripples surged in the sky. The sun hidden in the void was speeding toward the Bitter Life Mountain Range.

Everyone inside was as busy as usual.

Ning Yan wiped the ground, Wu Jianwu massaged, the parrot bossed around, and Li Youfei did odd jobs.

The captain was still fanning.

The difference was that there was Ling'er's voice and the laughter of the old man.

It seemed like the crown prince had a soft spot for Ling'er, and she became less fearful over time. After transforming, she sat beside the old man, occasionally calling him 'grandpa' with a sweet voice, which brought joy to the elderly man's heart.

"Grandpa, we're almost at our Green Spirit Hall. When we arrive in a few days, you should stay there too. How about joining mine and Brother Xu Qing's apothecary?"

Ling'er uttered innocently.

When the heir heard this, he nodded as though he was looking at his little granddaughter. His eyes were filled with doting.

Ling'er reminded him of his granddaughter back then. As the memories of the past surfaced in his mind, the heir's heart ached.

"So… Grandpa, why don't you let Brother Xu Qing rest for a while? He still has to refine medicine when we reach the apothecary." Seeing that she was almost done laying the groundwork, Ling'er hurriedly spoke.

"You little girl." The heir smiled and looked into the distance.

In the distance, Xu Qing sat cross-legged and meditated. His body was trembling and his forehead was covered in sweat.

Above his head, three small suns were hovering at this moment—one was a door frame, one was a circular ring, and the last one was a sphere.

The three suns emitted scorching power, descending upon Xu Qing. Astonishingly, there were a hundred dried-up corpses scattered around the ground, the remains of the Red Moon Shrine's cultivators.

Among them were dozens of divine slaves, three divine servants, and a divine envoy.

The divine envoy was trembling at this moment. He wanted to struggle but it was useless. His eyes were sometimes clear and sometimes confused, and his face was filled with pain.

Under the envelopment of the three suns, the power of the Red Moon on their bodies was dried out, transforming into blood-red threads that headed straight for Xu Qing in the middle.

It continued to enter his seven orifices and the pores on his body.

Xu Qing was cultivating.

This was the heir's request after they left White Cloud Mountain Range. He arranged all the temple cultivators he captured around Xu Qing according to some kind of array formation.

The power of the Red Moon in their bodies seemed to have been purified by the suns. This made Xu Qing's digestion even smoother, and the Purple Moon Nascent Soul in his body was rapidly growing.

It wasn't just the Purple Moon Nascent Soul. As heavenly devil bodies rose from the dried corpses on the ground, their heavenly mandates were also absorbed. All his nascent souls were rapidly growing.

To Xu Qing, this was an unprecedented nourishment!

However, there was only a fine line between replenishment and poison. To Xu Qing, the expansion of his sea of consciousness by devouring so many heavenly mandates and the power of the Red Moon in a short period of time was extremely intense.

The tearing pain caused his expression to be sinister and sweat drenched his entire body.

This was also the reason why Ling'er's heart ached.

"Lass, your Brother Xu Qing's potential is great but the degree of tempering isn't enough. His master shouldn't have accompanied him for a long time, so he can only guide the way at critical moments."

"However, in reality, with such a foundation, what your Brother Xu Qing has to do now is to polish it to the extreme."

"He has extreme determination and is suitable for this."

"And this is only the beginning."

The heir spoke hoarsely. He lifted his right hand and waved it at Xu Qing. Immediately, the three suns above Xu Qing's head erupted once again.

Xu Qing's body sank and cracking sounds rang out from his body. Even his skin was burning and he didn't look human anymore. At the same time, the dried corpses in the surroundings exploded one after another. The power of the Red Moon in the dozens of divine slaves was completely extracted.

Xu Qing's cultivation continued to increase explosively amidst the devouring and absorption. Three days later, when they entered the green sand desert, the divine servants beside Xu Qing died. The divine envoy also bled from his seven orifices and let out an unwilling wail.

At the same time, waves of powerful fluctuations erupted from Xu Qing's body. The 13 nascent souls in his body were all forcefully raised to the mastered second tribulation realm at this instant.

The third tribulation was about to arrive.

This scene caused Ning Yan and Wu Jianwu's hearts to skip a beat. They were afraid that the heir would deal with them the same way, but it was obvious that they were thinking too much.

In the heir's eyes, the only person qualified for him to guide and polish was Xu Qing.

"It's barely enough. However, with this little cultivation base, you triggered a tribulation. The might of the tribulation that is arriving is powerful for ordinary people but to you, it's not enough to stimulate your potential."

"I'll add some spices for you! Xu Qing, are you willing?"

Xu Qing lifted his head and looked at the heir.

"Yes!"

A look of admiration appeared in the heir's eyes. He stood up and walked in front of Xu Qing. With a swing of his sleeve, he brought Xu Qing away from the sun. Under everyone's shock, the heir appeared on the sand of the green sand desert.

As the sandy wind whistled, the prince pressed his left hand on the ground. Immediately, the desert rumbled and quicksand spun, suddenly forming a huge deep pit.

Without any hesitation, the heir immediately threw Xu Qing into the deep pit. Almost at the instant Xu Qing's body landed at the bottom of the deep pit, the heir's voice echoed vastly like heavenly lightning.

"Using the earth to manifest a Dao body, refining the soul into spirit metal, deceiving the Heavenly Dao tribulation, and descending the World Annihilating Dao Lightning!"

As soon as the heir's voice rang out, the quicksand in the surroundings rumbled, drowning Xu Qing. As the prince lifted his right hand and pressed down fiercely on the ground, the entire ground pressed against Xu Qing's body, as though it had fused into one with him.

His divine consciousness was also guided and fused with the sand.

This method gave off the feeling that Xu Qing had transformed into the desert. If he used such a body to trigger the third tribulation, then in terms of the judgment of the laws of the Heavenly Dao, Xu Qing would be an unprecedented mastered second tribulation Nascent Soul.

That meant an even more terrifying lightning would descend.

"Xu Qing, your master is indeed extraordinary but he dotes on you too much. The cultivation arts he created for you are all based on avoiding disasters, reducing risks, and resolving dangers. There is no way to face them head-on or suppress everything domineeringly."

"This method can indeed allow you to be safe… but it's both right and wrong!"

"We cultivators have to use our lives to shoulder everything. We don't believe in the heavens, and we go against our fate. Nothing can stop us, nothing can bury our hearts, and even the gods can't make us bend our backs!

"This can't be done by hiding and reducing the risk. You need to obtain extreme opportunities between life and death time and time again to nurture your peerless aura!"

"You're clearly an extraordinary piece of metal. How can you be tempered gently?!"

"Sit cross-legged immediately and summon the tribulation!"































































The sky churned and thunder rumbled.

As the wind and clouds surged, patches of black clouds appeared in the sky. They piled up thicker and thicker, and the range grew larger and larger.

As for the wind in the green sand desert, it became even more majestic. The whistling whimpers were like wild shrieks and howls.

Waves of oppression descended from the sky, enveloping not only the place Xu Qing was at but also the entire green sand desert.

A rumbling sound descended from the nine heavens. All the living beings in the green sand desert felt their hearts skip a beat.

All the forces in the mountains, including the cultivators of the Bitter Life Mountain Range, were shocked. Even the people in the Red Moon Shrine looked at the sky.

"What's going on?"

"There's something wrong with the sky…"

Chen Fanzhuo sat cross-legged in his sect. At this moment, his heart was pounding. He quickly opened his eyes and looked at the pitch-black sky. Waves of uneasiness rose in his heart. He didn't know what was going on.

Also uneasy was Daoist Mu, who was accompanying a black-robed old man and carefully serving tea. The teacup he was holding trembled and the tea spilled out.

The black-robed old man in front of him looked at the sky with the same surprised expression.

There was also the number one rogue cultivator in the Bitter Life Mountain Range, Ancestor Mogui. He, who was sitting cross-legged and meditating, instantly appeared in the air. His expression was unprecedentedly solemn as he looked at the sky.

Everyone was the same. Even the desert guardian race, who lived under the desert, was the same.

Needless to say, the people in the sun were also shaken.



Ning Yan trembled, Wu Jianwu gasped, Li Youfei was shocked, and the captain stood there with an expectant expression as he looked down.

"The heir is right. Ever since Little Qing was acknowledged to be the future county governor of Fenghai County, the old man clearly prioritized safety first."

"However, it's not as serious as the heir said. Little Qing's Dao heart is slowly being shaped. In a few years, he will naturally have a Dao that belongs to him and won't need anyone to guide him."

"However, at this stage, this is a good thing for Little Qing."

At the thought of this, the captain looked at the ground.

On the ground, the heir who had transformed into an old man slowly rose into the air with his hands behind his back. The instant he left, the rumbling in the sky erupted like never before. Numerous arcs of lightning suddenly appeared in the sky and swam in all directions.

Its range continued to increase from 10,000 feet to 100,000 feet. In the end, it actually covered half of the green sand desert.

Such a strange scene brought horror to all living beings in the green sand desert.

Before they could take a closer look, the roars that were like the furious shouts of gods exploded in all directions. Countless thunder rumbled and countless arcs of lightning gathered to form bolts of heavenly lightning that covered half of the desert and descended on a large area.

They struck the sand!

There were no less than 3,000 heavenly lightning bolts.

These 3,000 heavenly lightning bolts fell in different places, and after descending, amidst the roaring gravel, they swiftly converged towards the location where Xu Qing was in the desert.

It was as though 3,000 lightning dragons had arrived at the same time. Their aura was astonishing and the ground churned, stirring up long marks.

After the captain sensed this scene, he gasped and his eyes widened. Even he was shocked.

"Little Qing is in danger!"

The captain was shocked and was about to fly out. However, the heir in the air turned his head and glanced at him.

"Calm down!"

The captain stopped in his tracks and his expression changed continuously.

At that moment, the 3,000 lightning dragons rumbled and headed straight for Xu Qing. The ground in the surroundings continued to explode. As the sounds spread into the sky, the 3,000 heavenly lightning bolts finally gathered!

A sound that spread throughout the green sand desert, turned into a raging sound wave, deafeningly reverberating. Below the desert where Xu Qing was, the surrounding sand suddenly shattered in this resounding explosion.

A mournful cry rang out from the sun, attracting the attention of Ning Yan and the others.

 As the lightning bolts hit Xu Qing, the Red Moon Shrine's divine envoy's body emitted lightning from within and burst, turning into a rhombus-shaped piece of wood that fell to the ground.

Before everyone could react to his sudden death, the fluctuations on the ground instantly intensified. As the lightning bolts continued to explode, the impact spread for 500 kilometers.

Finally, from afar, a 500 kilometers deep pit appeared on the ground.

In the middle, a charred 50-foot-long body lay there motionlessly.

"A little weak. You only withstood a few hundred of the 3,000 heavenly lightning bolts." The heir shook his head and waved his right hand, pulling the charred body in front of him. He then turned and returned to the sun.

After reaching the sun, Ling'er's face was filled with anxiety and her eyes were red. She quickly ran over.

"Brother Xu Qing!"

Seeing that Xu Qing's entire body was covered in injuries and he was on the verge of death, tears flowed down Ling'er's face. She carried Xu Qing and looked at the heir.

"Grandpa, you…"

Ning Yan and Wu Jianwu didn't dare to breathe loudly. Their hearts trembled as they looked at the motionless Xu Qing.

"He won't die," the heir said calmly. Just as he finished speaking, he realized that Ling'er was crying. His heart softened.

"This is also a type of training. Moreover, with that Red Moon Divine Envoy continuing the tribulation, when your Brother Xu Qing reached his limit, the other party shared the burden…"

When the captain heard this, he looked at the location of the dissipating divine envoy. His heart churned as he muttered inwardly.

"Xinan's cruel order."

Wu Jianwu and Ning Yan also understood the reason for the scene earlier. The two of them gasped.

This was especially so for Ning Yan. He knew many secrets. At that moment, an ancient ritual he had read about in ancient books instantly appeared in his mind.

"Xinan's cruel order!"

Ning Yan had read many ancient books and had a deep impression of Xinan's cruel order. In this current era, no one knows how to set up this art anymore. During the time of the Ancient Sovereign Mystic Nether, this art was sinister and lethal.

Xinan was an ancient ominous tree that existed from ancient times. It underwent a calamity every thousand years, and during each calamity, numerous powerful individuals inexplicably died in various places.

Later generations studied it and discovered some strange connections. All the experts who died replaced Xi Nan's calamity and died in its place.

Gradually, someone figured out this ritual.

During the Ancient Sovereign Mystic Nether Era, only the heaven's chosen of the imperial family would use this method under the supervision of the elders.

The most astonishing aspect of the Xinan Tu Ling was that it allowed the one undergoing the tribulation to reach their utmost potential. After experiencing the test of life and death, the substitute will turn into a piece of wood.

This piece of wood contained the power of curses. Once it erupted, its might would be astonishing.

At the thought of this, Ning Yan suddenly looked at the place where the divine envoy had died. There was a piece of wood there.

At the same time, the sky in the outside world returned to normal as the lightning dissipated. The black clouds also dissipated but the fluctuations from the ground were still spreading.

It looked like it was only 500 kilometers, but when the 3,000 heavenly lightning bolts landed just now, it caused a commotion in the entire green sand desert. Hence, countless mountains swayed and even the Bitter Life Mountain Range trembled intensely.

There were endless exclamations and solemnity filled the air.

One figure after another rose into the air. Wisps of divine sense created and terror and vigilance erupted.

"Which almighty was transcending the tribulation?"

"It doesn't look like tribulation transcending, but more like item refinement!"

All of a sudden, countless doubts and guesses rose in the entire green sand desert. Even the Red Moon Shrine was shaken and went out to search for the reason.

However, they found nothing.

To the cultivators of the green sand desert, the impact of this matter was extremely profound.

As the number one expert among rogue cultivators, Ancestor Mogui took a deep breath in the air above the Bitter Life Mountain Range. His ancient eyes looked at the sky as he muttered.

"The wind is about to blow in the green sand desert…"

Similar emotions rose in the hearts of many experts. As for Daoist Mu, the black-robed old man sitting in front of him was also shaken. After a long time, he took Daoist Mu's tea and spoke in a low voice.

"Don't leave the Bitter Life Mountain Range for the time being. I got a fright just now and had a bad feeling. You haven't done anything out of line recently, right?"

Daoist Mu hurriedly trembled his head.

"Master, I've been here all this time to prepare to build the sect. I didn't do anything out of line."

Only then did the black-robed old man nod.

At that moment, Xu Qing, who had caused all these fluctuations, barely opened his eyes inside the sun. He could sense that his body was extremely weak now. However, while he was weak, there was an amazing force churning inside him.

His 13 nascent souls had all reached the third tribulation.

His combat strength soared even more. Any Nascent Soul cultivator who encountered him would feel despair and horror in their hearts.

At this moment, Xu Qing could already fight against early-stage Dao Nurturing experts.

Even the weakest Dao Nurturing experts far surpassed Nascent Soul cultivators. As for the stronger ones, they were infinitely close to the Spirit Repository. Once they created the Heavenly Dao, they could break through their limitations and turn illusions into reality, achieving a true secret repository!

Just like that, three days passed as Xu Qing recuperated.

The Bitter Life Mountain Range was in sight.

After Ling'er saw that Brother Xu Qing was fine, she finally heaved a sigh of relief in her heart. She became lively again and continued to talk about the apothecary to the heir.

"Grandpa, my apothecary is really beautiful, especially under my arrangements. It's very heartwarming. I wipe it clean every day and it's spotless."

Ling'er was happy. Ning Yan and Wu Jianwu were also curious. The captain also showed anticipation.

Li Youfei was equally excited. Last time, he had fled, but this time, he was in a different situation. What Ancestor Mogui? He was a joke in front of him now.

The heir smiled and was quite happy. In the past, his status was extraordinary and it was difficult for him to experience the joys of the mortal world. He also didn't have any sense of family ties. After that, he was suppressed in the Heavenly Fire Sea and experienced extreme sufferings.

Even after returning, he was only recuperating alone. These few days, when he was with this group of children and heard them calling him grandfather, he didn't say anything but there was a rare warmth in his heart.

Hence, when he heard Ling'er's happy words, he smiled and nodded. However, when his gaze swept across the outside, his expression became a little strange.

"Ling'er, is your apothecary in the earth city 50 kilometers ahead?"

"That's right, grandpa. It's in that earth city. We're finally home." Ling'er's eyes showed anticipation.

As the sun gradually approached the Bitter Life Mountain Range, Xu Qing also postponed his treatment and stood up weakly. With Ling'er's support, he looked in the direction of earth city outside and sighed with emotion.

This trip took a full half a year.

However, at the next instant, Xu Qing's eyes narrowed.

A ruin emerged in his perception.

Immediately after, a roaring sound rang out from the direction of earth city. As dust rose, the few remaining houses there collapsed.

Xu Qing was startled.

* * *































































Ning Yan, Wu Jianwu, and the captain didn't know the exact location of the apothecary. At that moment, they looked at the ruined city in surprise.

Xu Qing immediately disappeared from the sun. When he reappeared, he was already in the earth city. He stood beside the original location of the small apothecary with an ugly expression.

The apothecary that used to be here had long turned into ruins. The surroundings were chaotic and the pieces of the plaque could be seen on the ground.

Ling'er also appeared beside Xu Qing. She looked at the apothecary in front of her and was stunned.

The captain and the others also appeared one after another. Looking at the ruins, the captain coughed.

"Little Qing, did we come to the wrong place? There's no apothecary here."

After the captain finished speaking, he walked over and squatted there to pick up some plaque fragments on the ground. He then turned his head and looked at Xu Qing.

"Little Qing, it seems that there was indeed a apothecary here… Eh, look at this word. It says green."

The captain exclaimed.

Xu Qing's expression was ugly.

Ning Yan blinked and spoke in a low voice.

"Boss, my condolences…"

A cold glint appeared in Xu Qing's eyes. As for Wu Jianwu, it was clearly impossible for him to give up on this opportunity. He let out a long sigh.

"Once a vast sea turned into a cesspool, alas, red flowers turned into dog droppings. If you don't believe, just look up…"

Before Wu Jianwu could finish speaking, the parrot flew out and couldn't help but cheer excitedly.



"Has the heavens ever shown mercy to anyone?!"

Xu Qing's body emitted a cold intent as he glanced at the parrot. At this moment, Ling'er also realized the situation, and her small face puffed up with anger. This was her home, and it had been destroyed like this.

The shadow sensed Ling'er's anger, so it emitted furious emotions.

The Diamond Sect's ancestor flew out and the fish bone emitted a buzzing sound.

"Master, Madam, with just a word from you, I'll immediately slaughter everyone here!"

"That's right. I want to see who has such guts!" Li Youfei wasn't willing to be outdone either. He immediately stepped forward and spoke angrily.

After all, the Bitter Life Mountain Range was his hometown. Master's apothecary had actually been destroyed here. He felt that he had to stand up for Master. No matter who did this, he had to express his stance clearly.

At this moment, with Xu Qing's group's arrival, the gray-robed cultivators who had been busy in the earth city also noticed and surrounded them with unfriendly expressions in their eyes.

However, before they could get close, a rainbow suddenly sped over from afar. Ignoring the many gray-clothed cultivators in the earth city, this rainbow arrived in front of Xu Qing and transformed into a figure. It was Chen Fanzhuo from the Earthly Growth Sect.

Ever since the collapse of the apothecary, he had been paying attention to this place. Hence, he rushed over immediately with a sorrowful expression and bowed solemnly to Xu Qing.

"Master, it's my incompetence. I couldn't defend the master's medicine shop."

Xu Qing expressionlessly looked at Chen Fanzhuo and calmly spoke.

"Who was it?"

"It's an external force. They occupied this place and chased everyone away, wanting to build this place into a sect. The leader is a dwarf who calls himself Daoist Mu."

Chen Fanzhuo hurriedly spoke. However, just as he was about to continue, Li Youfei's eyes suddenly widened.

In that instant, it was as though 100,000 lightning bolts had exploded in his mind, transforming into a enormous buzzing sound. He suddenly rushed in front of Chen Fanzhuo and hurriedly spoke.

"Are you sure it's a dwarf named Daoist Mu?"

Chen Fanzhuo was stunned and hurriedly nodded.

His nod was no longer as simple as 100,000 heavenly lightning bolts exploding. It was millions of lightning bolts exploding at the same time.

Li Youfei trembled and he wailed inwardly. He turned and knelt in front of Xu Qing with a plop.

 "Master… A misunderstanding. This must be a misunderstanding…"

"That Daoist Mu is a registered disciple of mine… I'll handle this matter. I'll deal with it immediately!!"

Li Youfei was horrified. When he thought of how his registered disciple had actually caused such a monstrous calamity, his heart trembled violently. He wished he could find the other party and slap him to death.

Xu Qing was expressionless as he calmly glanced at Li Youfei.

This gaze reminded Li Youfei of the experiments the other party had done on him during this period of time, as well as what he had seen and heard on the way. He instinctively glanced at the old man.

He trembled again and spoke loudly.

"Master, I'll deal with it immediately!"

As he spoke, he hurriedly spread out his divine consciousness. After locking onto a location, he rushed over immediately. Before he left, his Nascent Soul cultivation erupted and he shouted at the gray-clothed disciples in the surroundings.

"I'm your sect master's master. All of you, retreat. If you dare to move, I'll kill you later!"

These words and his Nascent Soul cultivation instantly formed an intense intimidation, causing the expressions of everyone in the surroundings to change drastically and they didn't dare to step forward.

Li Youfei erupted with all his might and headed straight for the location his divine consciousness had locked onto. He was already cursing inwardly, 'You damned scoundrel! What kind of courage did you gain to actually dare to destroy this terrifying apothecary!!

Although he cursed him, he still valued this disciple very much. However, because he had too many enemies, he didn't tell the other party about his origins.

Right now, he couldn't watch the other party court death, so he erupted with all his speed and rushed into the temporary residence of Daoist Mu's sect.

He barged his way toward the house where his disciple's aura was located.

In the house, Daoist Mu knelt respectfully in front of a black-robed old man and lowered his head to listen to his new master's guidance on his cultivation.

"Daoist Mu, your cultivation level is alright but your cultivation art is impure. If you want to cultivate my spells, you have to unravel the messy things you've learned in the past."

"Your aptitude isn't bad, but it's a pity that you acknowledged the wrong master. This is the reason why your cultivation has stalled over the years."

The black-robed old man calmly spoke as a hint of imperceptible greed flashed in his eyes. He had other reasons for taking in this Daoist Mu. Just as he was about to continue speaking, his heart stirred and he lifted his head to look outside, frowning slightly.

When Daoist Mu heard this, he became even more respectful and spoke in a low voice.

"Disciple was stupid previously. Sigh, I didn't know that there was someone better and made the wrong choice…" Just as he finished speaking, a familiar voice suddenly rang out from outside his residence.

"Daoist Mu, get out here!"

Daoist Mu's eyes widened and he was stunned for a moment. The moment he turned his head, the door of the house he was in rumbled and was ruthlessly forced open from the outside. Li Youfei's figure appeared there.

The instant he saw Li Youfei, although the other party's appearance was unfamiliar, his gaze, voice, and the energy fluctuations from his body allowed Daoist Mu to immediately recognize that the other party was his mysterious previous master.

This made him a little confused. Just as he was about to speak, Li Youfei stepped forward and grabbed him, wanting to take him away.

"You rascal, follow me quickly and apologize to Master. This way, you might still have a chance of survival."

Daoist Mu couldn't resist. At that moment, his heart was still churning. Just as he was at a loss, a cold snort rang out from the mouth of the black-robed old man.

"Impudent!"

With the cultivation of the Spirit Repository, the snort he emitted was like thunder. Li Youfei's body paused and he took a few steps back. Blood flowed from the corners of his mouth as he glanced at the black-robed old man.

"Master Black Pupil!"

"Li Youfei, so this Daoist Mu was your former disciple. However, I've already taken him in as my disciple recently. He has no more relation with you," Master Black Pupil said calmly.

Li Youfei naturally saw that his disciple had changed sides. He nodded and glanced at Daoist Mu.

"What's your explanation?"

Daoist Mu hesitated and cupped his fists at Li Youfei.

"Senior…"

"Alright, I understand." Li Youfei interrupted Daoist Mu. If it was in the past, he might have been angry about this, but now, he heaved a sigh of relief.

"Alright, you said it. You have nothing to do with me. From now on, you are not my disciple. However, Daoist Mu, seeing that we were once master and disciple, let me remind you… You've caused big trouble."

Li Youfei shook his head. As soon as he finished speaking, footsteps rang out from outside the house and waves of screams echoed. The figures of Xu Qing and the others had already arrived and were walking toward the house.

This scene caused Daoist Mu's heart to skip a beat. As Master Black Pupil glanced the outside and then at past Xu Qing and the others, his expression remained unchanged, and he spoke slowly.

"Just a few Nascent Soul cultivators dare to act like this?"

"Daoist Mu, the techniques I taught you before, watch closely how to use them in actual combat."

As he spoke, Master Black Pupil stood up calmly. He placed his hands behind his back and walked out of the house. His Spirit Repository cultivation erupted at this moment and a secret repository appeared above his head.

There seemed to be a volcano in the secret repository that spewed out a enormous sea of fire. There was also the faint sound of the Heavenly Dao roaring inside, causing the rules in the surroundings to change. Countless illusory shadows appeared in the surroundings.

Those phantoms were sinister and roared one after another.

His mighty aura stirred the clouds and the wind.

After that, he took a second step and landed in front of Xu Qing and the others. The secret repository behind him formed a enormous suppression and his cultivation base spread out, forming a black runic imprint.

This runic mark eventually grew to 10,000 feet in size, and as it transformed the sky, it emanated a formidable power that caused the ground and rocks to collapse, creating an astonishing pressure.

"Disciple, watch carefully. This is the Great Demon Seal I taught you just now!"

Master Black Pupil calmly spoke and casually waved his hand, wanting to suppress these useless chickens and dogs in front of him.

At that moment, a strange look appeared in the captain's eyes. Ning Yan grinned, Wu Jianwu proudly lifted his chin, and Xu Qing was expressionless.

They directly ignored the runic mark. All of them turned around and bowed to the heir at the side.

"Grandpa."

The heir was teasing the parrot. When he heard this, he lifted his head and glanced at Master Black Pupil.

It was just a glance.

Master Black Pupil's heart skipped a beat and he directly went numb. With a plop, he fell to the ground. The large black seal in the sky dissipated, the secret repository disappeared, and everything dissipated.

Only blood spurted out of every orifices in his body, turning into a blood-red fountain.

And his blood was evidently not as abundant as the captain's, so the force he expelled was somewhat inferior.

The surroundings instantly fell silent.

* * *































































Daoist Mu's eyes widened and revealed a look of confusion. He stood there in a daze and looked at the person who was vomiting blood. He couldn't believe his eyes.

In his heart, the other party should be incomparably powerful.

"Wha-What's going on…"

Daoist Mu trembled and his breathing became extremely hurried. He felt the world spinning and his body began to feel sore. He couldn't imagine why everything turned out like this, nor could he understand what cultivation level someone had to be able to make Master Black Pupil turn into this with a glance.

He also didn't understand why such a person would come looking for him. He didn't offend any experts.

While he was in a daze, Li Youfei sighed.

Although the other party had betrayed him, he was still his disciple. Hence, he stepped forward and grabbed Daoist Mu. He then walked in front of Xu Qing and lifted him up, quickly slapping him.

One slap after another disfigured Daoist Mu. Li Youfei spoke to Xu Qing respectfully.

"Master, do you think we should kill him?"

As soon as he said this, Daoist Mu immediately woke up from his daze. Pain appeared all over his body, but he didn't dare to wail. Instead, he spoke with a trembling voice.

"Mas… Master, is there a misunderstanding? I, I… I didn't offend anyone."

"Wasn't it your men who destroyed the earth city's apothecary?" Li Youfei glared at this rascal and gritted his teeth.

"Apothecary?" Daoist Mu's entire body trembled and his eyes were filled with confusion. At the next instant, he thought of the earth city's apothecary. His eyes suddenly widened and his mind instantly rumbled.



He remembered that there was an apothecary in earth city. Chen Fanzhuo had reminded him not to touch it.

However, he didn't listen…

'How could this be? What kind of apothecary is that? How could this be…'

Daoist Mu's heart was filled with regret and endless fear, his emotions fluctuating dramatically. Add to that the injuries inflicted by Li Youfei, and he lost consciousness right then and there.

Li Youfei looked at Daoist Mu's expression and recalled the time he had taught him. He sighed in his heart and looked at Xu Qing pleadingly. He knew that his former disciple's life and death depended on the other party's thought.

Xu Qing saw Li Youfei's pleading. His gaze swept past the unconscious Daoist Mu and he calmly spoke.

"I will give you two hours to return it to its original state."

Li Youfei took a deep breath, expressed his gratitude with a bow to Xu Qing, and woke up the almost-dead Daoist Mu. He then grabbed Daoist Mu and flew away swiftly.

With Daoist Mu's horrified realization of some of the truths, and under his frantic orders, everyone in their group worked tirelessly to restore Xu Qing's small apothecary.

It wasn't just the apothecary. All the buildings in the entire earth city were restored to their original appearance.

This speed showed that everyone was going all out and didn't dare to slack off at all.

For the interior of the apothecary to be the same as before, Li Youfei even looked for Chen Fanzhuo. After all, the other party had entered the apothecary before and knew what it looked like. Hence, under Chen Fanzhuo's guidance, the apothecary was basically the same.

In fact, the plaque had also been repaired. It was the same for the wooden board Xu Qing had hung on the door before he left.

As for the residents… At Li Youfei's request, the people under Daoist Mu's command all trembled and masked themselves as residents.

Daoist Mu was among them.

It had to be said that to a certain extent, this place had turned into a sect.

With everyone's dedicated effort, the Green Spirit Hall appeared in earth city again.

Standing outside the small apothecary, Xu Qing looked at the familiar environment around him and relaxed. He then bowed to the heir beside him.

"Thank you, elder. After you."

Ling'er was also satisfied and said coquettishly to the prince.

"Thank you, grandpa, for helping me and Brother Xu Qing rebuild the apothecary."

The heir smiled and his gaze landed on the apothecary. He then walked in with his hands behind his back.

Xu Qing followed behind.

 Ning Yan and Wu Jianwu glanced at Li Youfei, whose forehead was still sweating. They patted his shoulder and walked in.

As soon as they entered, Ling'er enthusiastically introduced the apothecary to the heir.

"Grandpa, this is the back room. Brother Xu Qing refines pills inside. As for me, I am always recording the accounts at the counter."

"Business is good."

As Ling'er spoke, she took out the grass seedling and placed it in its original location.

"There's also it. Its name is Xiaomiao. It's very cute. It usually dances when it's happy."

The parrot immediately stared at it.

The grass seedling trembled and tried its best to sway.

When Ling'er introduced the different things, the captain sized them up from left to right. He then spoke to Xu Qing in a low voice.

"Little Qing, this shop is a little small. Can it accommodate so many people?"

When Li Youfei heard this, he hurriedly took out a jade slip and summoned his men. Very soon, the 'residents' in the surroundings arrived and connected the buildings on both sides of the apothecary, expanding its size several times over.

After the work was finished, it was already dusk. As the earth city fell silent outside, the lanterns were ignited in this small apothecary, illuminating the interior of the apothecary and giving off a sense of warmth.

Under the light, everyone sat around the table in the apothecary, exchanging looks with each other.

The heir was toying with the parrot. Although Ning Yan and Wu Jianwu tried their best to get used to the existence of the Soul Accumulation elder beside them, the anxiety in their hearts couldn't be dissipated in a short period of time. Now that they were sitting like this, they instantly felt as restless as a young wife.

Xu Qing and Ling'er were fine. The former was already used to it, while the latter was very good at making the old man like her.

As for the captain, he blinked. On the way here, he could tell that this heir should have two motives for coming to the Bitter Life Mountain Range. One was unknown but the second must be related to Xu Qing.































































'He thinks highly of Xu Qing's Purple Moon power and wants to temper him so that Little Qing can grow quickly. He probably wants to borrow Little Qing's ability to unlock the seals on his siblings?'

'This matter is not that simple; the Red Moon Shrine will surely have substantial defenses.'

The captain fell into deep thought and recalled the other party's actions on the way. He could tell that this ruler prince enjoyed the fireworks in the human world very much and didn't have any objections to staying in this small apothecary.

'Yes, that makes sense. After all, he is a reclusive old man who should appreciate the heartwarming scene of living with his descendants.'

At the thought of this, the captain immediately looked at Ning Yan and the others.

"Who among you knows how to cook? Hurry up and cook a meal for grandpa."

Ning Yan was at a loss. Wu Jianwu also scratched his head. Li Youfei hesitated while Ling'er's eyes lit up with eagerness.

Back then, in Duanmu Zang's Firefly City, she had learned a lot of cooking skills from those elder sisters and aunties. Brother Xu Qing liked to eat it very much every time, so she was about to speak.

Xu Qing saw this from the side and spoke before Ling'er could.

"Let me do it."

After saying that, Xu Qing stood up. However, after some thought, he slowly spoke.

"But there are no ingredients."

The captain, upon hearing that Xu Qing was going to cook, was curious as well. He quickly inquired with the others, and under Wu Jianwu's gaze, the parrot reluctantly shook its body, dropping large fishes onto the ground.



It liked eating fish. On its way to find Xu Qing earlier, it caught quite a few fish. Whenever it sneaked out during regular days, it would catch fish to eat.

Its father was naturally clear about this.

After taking out its remaining fishes, the parrot looked at Xu Qing eagerly. It wanted to say a few words but hesitated and could only let out a sigh while giving an angry look to the captain and others.

"You guys, why aren't you working? Can't you see that this place is dirty? Hurry up and tidy it up!"

The captain smiled. Ning Yan's gaze was deep, and Wu Jianwu pretended not to see it. However, he knew that Erniu's plan should be starting soon.

Just like that, everyone began to work. Some cleaned the ground, some wiped the tables and counter, and some placed medicinal pills on the shelf. In fact, at the parrot's request, they all changed into rough hemp robes and didn't look like cultivators.

The captain saw that there was a lot of work to do, and he noticed that the heir lacked someone to serve him. He thought of Nether Fairy and decided to release her from the world fragment.

The instant she appeared in the apothecary, Nether Fairy released her aura. There were also sounds of gritted teeth echoing.

"Chen Erniu, you damn…"

Ning Yan and Wu Jianwu didn't care about the appearance of Nether Fairy. They continued with their work without even glancing at her. However, when she spoke, the captain's eyes widened, and he interrupted her arrogantly.

"Nether Fairy, how dare you? Can't you see who's here?!"

The captain smugly pointed behind Nether Fairy.

Nether Fairy was stunned. She sensed that something was wrong and instinctively turned her head to take a look.

Just a glance…

A moment later, there was an additional maidservant in the apothecary.

Just like that, time flowed by. The sky outside was dark and the wind was whistling.

The cold of the night started to creep in from all directions, and there were few lights in the earth city. Every household was shivering from the cold, except for the small apothecary. As Xu Qing cooked, the fragrance gradually wafted through the air.

The scent of the cooking created a warm and cozy atmosphere, filling the apothecary with a sense of homeliness.

Two hours later, Xu Qing carried some dishes and placed them on the table.

Fragrance filled the air and the entire table was filled with fish dishes.

There was fish soup, grilled fish skin, fried fish, braised fish…

Seeing this sumptuous meal, the captain was quite surprised.

 When Ling'er saw this, she almost drooled. She quickly sat there and picked up her chopsticks, staring eagerly at the old man.

The heir smiled and lifted a piece. He chewed and swallowed slowly and nodded.

"Don't be too reserved, try it together."

The captain, curious and cautious, picked up a piece and ate it, and then praised it. However, deep down, he was contemplating that it wasn't as delicious as god's flesh.

Ning Yan also took a bite, showing signs of being impressed, but secretly contemplated it was just average.

Wu Jianwu had a sip of the soup, sighed, and as someone who had not eaten ordinary food for a long time, he had the urge to make fun and compose poems but restrained himself when he glanced at Xu Qing.

As for Nether Fairy, as a maid, she had the privilege to take a few bites, but after just one, she didn't want to eat anymore. In her memories, human flesh was the most delicious, and if she could have eat Erniu, it would be even better.

Only Ling'er and Li Youfei ate the most. The latter kept flattering the taste while the former's eyes lit up.

"So, Brother Xu Qing's cooking is so delicious." Ling'er blinked and felt that her cooking should be better. Hence, she thought about showing off her skills in a few days.

Just as they were immersed in their own world, the prince took a sip of fish soup.

"Xu Qing, your cooking technique seems to come from the south, and this soup has a unique flavor. It was originally supposed to be snake soup, right? Using fish as a substitute is understandable, but it lacks the same level of umami."

Ling'er's body paused.

"Also, this fish skin should have been snake skin. It's the same for the meat. You're using the method of cooking snakes to make a fish feast."

After the heir tasted it, he gazed at Xu Qing and Ling'er teasingly.

Xu Qing glanced at the heir and fell silent.

Ling'er startled and horror manifested in her eyes. She instinctively moved closer to Xu Qing and hurriedly spoke.

"Brother Xu Qing, snakes aren't delicious. They taste bad."

Xu Qing nodded.

The heir laughed. At this moment, he no longer had the dignity of an heir. He gazed very amiable and kind like an old grandpa.































































As the first meal in this place came to an end, everyone gradually adapted to the life of being with a Soul Accumulation.

Nether Fairy washed the dishes in silence.

The next morning.

This apothecary that had been closed for half a year finally reopened. In the past, it was Ling'er who opened the door. However, it was different today. The person who opened the door was Wu Jianwu.

Wu Jianwu, dressed in a coarse hemp robe, stood at the doorway after finishing the wooden planks. He didn't go back; instead, he stood there, his expression changing several times. Finally, he gritted his teeth and spoke loudly.

"Half a year has passed in the blink of an eye, and today, the small shop reopens its doors. Whether you come from the south or go to the north, come take a look, and a white pill is offered to our guests for just one coin!"

His voice echoed in all directions.

This was the captain's proposal; he felt that the apothecary was missing a greeter, and Wu Jianwu was naturally the most suitable choice.

As Wu Jianwu spoke, the surrounding residents walked out trembling one after another. They looked at Wu Jianwu and also saw a little fatty wiping the ground in the apothecary like a shop assistant.

This staff looked quite strange. His stomach was very big, as though there was something wrapped in his clothes.

And by his side was Li Youfei; hierarchy determined their roles, and his position was the lowest, so he could only serve as a general helper in the apothecary.



On the other side was the captain.

The position he arranged for himself was a guard!

"Our apothecary is located in the perilous and treacherous Bitter Life Mountain Range. Facing those wicked and desperate cultivators, we must have guards to protect the peace of our little shop."

This was the declaration the captain made when he took on the position.

As for the Grandpa Heir, he was naturally the shopkeeper. He held a bead in his hand, smiling as he looked at the apothecary. Within that bead was a person, and occasionally, a face would appear inside which belonged to Master Black Pupil.

Xu Qing remained the alchemist master, while Ling'er continued to keep the accounts, as she enjoyed doing so.

In addition to this, the newly reopened apothecary had a maidservant who was dedicated to serving the old shopkeeper. She was Nether Fairy…

The business was even more thriving than before. On the first day of business, more than 200 people brought spirit coins and respectfully bought white pills. This made it take some time for Ling'er to settle the accounts.

Just like that, several days passed.

Xu Qing spent his days either cultivating or researching curses, while Wu Jianwu adapted to his role, standing outside and reciting different poems each day, living quite contentedly.

Occasionally, Ning Yan, when tired, would sit on the doorstep, listening to Wu Jianwu's poems. While enjoying the tranquility of the place, he gradually discovered that many times, he could surprisingly understand them.

This discovery caused some panic to rise in his heart.

As for Li Youfei, he was the one with the most difficulty. As he did miscellaneous chores, he also had to give orders to Daoist Mu outside, telling them not to make it so fake. The disciples who came to buy the pills were so frightened that their legs would go limp.

Next was the captain. Every day, he would cross his arms and hold a longsword. He stood there and coldly looked at all the guests, looking like an expert.

As for Nether Fairy… because the old man liked to drink tea and usually liked to play with the bird, her job was to make tea and serve the parrot.

These scenes were the regular schedule in this ordinary tiny apothecary.

Seven days later, when everything was developing well in this apothecary, Xu Qing, who had fully recovered from his injuries from transcending the tribulation, welcomed his life of continued tempering.

"Xu Qing, since your injuries have recovered, come with me. The potential in your body needs to be appropriately dug out."

The heir's voice echoed in Xu Qing's ears. Xu Qing took a deep breath and stood up. With a sway, he left the apothecary with the heir.

When they appeared, the two of them were in the air.

The heir placed his hands behind his back and walked forward. Xu Qing lowered his head and glanced at the earth city's apothecary. He didn't say anything but followed behind.

The two of them continued to move in the sky. On the way, they encountered many cultivators. Some were flying in the sky and some were fighting in the mountain range. However, in their eyes, Xu Qing and the heir didn't seem to exist.

Even if they encountered them head-on, these cultivators from the Bitter Life Mountain Range didn't see the two of them. They just went on doing what they were doing.

Xu Qing wasn't surprised by this. He knew the ability of the heir.

As for the place they were going to, Xu Qing glanced in the direction and had a guess. This was the path to the Red Moon Shrine in the Bitter Life Mountain Range.

 This was indeed the case. Several hours later, the heir brought Xu Qing to the sky above the Red Moon Shrine.

The Red Moon Shrine in the Bitter Life Mountain Range was located at the highest peak of this mountain range. Its status was extremely high and the divine envoy inside was frighteningly powerful. An invisible might spread from the temple and suppressed the entire desert.

To all living beings in the green sand desert, this place represented supreme authority and god.

However, in the eyes of the heir, that was clearly not the case. He brought Xu Qing and swaggered into the Red Moon Shrine at the top of the mountain.

As they entered, every red-robed cultivators in the huge temple acted the same as the cultivators they met on the way. They couldn't sense anything.

Xu Qing and the heir reached a square in the temple. There were many temple cultivators around, coming and going, but no one spoke. Everything was well-organized, and it seemed that making noise in this place was considered a form of blasphemy.

Standing in the square, the heir's gaze swept across his surroundings. He raised his right hand and beckoned with his finger towards a middle-aged Dao Nurturing expert who was about to leave for a distant place.

The middle-aged cultivator at the Dao Nurturing stage instantly turned around and headed straight for Xu Qing. He stepped on the square and looked at Xu Qing, motionless.































































Looking at this bizarre scene, Xu Qing silently looked at the heir.

"Within 100 breaths of time, unleash all your cultivation, go all out, and engage in a life-and-death battle with him."

The heir calmly spoke.

"Kill him and devour his Red Moon faith."

"If after a hundred breaths, you haven't succeeded, all the people of the Red Moon Shrine in this place will notice your presence, and I won't help you. You're on your own; if it doesn't work out, it'll depend on your fate."

The heir then rose into the air and stood there, closing his eyes.

And in the moment he closed his eyes, the motionless Dao Nurturing cultivator's vacant expression was replaced by a deep crimson, glaring at Xu Qing. It was as though he had seen a lifelong nemesis. He let out a low growl, and his cultivation exploded with a deafening force.

One vortex after another instantly formed within his body, nine in total, resembling nine stars. Together, they outlined an ethereal secret repository.

Within this secret repository, there appeared to be a volcano in full eruption, creating a thunderous sound that echoed in all directions. At the same time, the crimson light penetrated the middle-aged cultivator's body, projecting outward and merging with the heavens and the earth. It formed a colossal figure hundreds of yards tall.



This figure was a treant, with a massive body, brown branches, and black flowers blooming. The earth trembled intensely at this moment, and roots sprouted from the ground, floating around. In the blink of an eye, the entire square was filled with countless branches.

As the ground shattered, countless blood-red grass grew crazily from within, causing the surrounding land to turn into a red grassland.

From a distance, the colossal treant in the grasslands appeared to possess the power to engulf mountains and rivers. The ferocity in its eyes and the terrifying pressure emanating from its entire body coalesced into lightning bolts that struck down from the sky in all directions with deafening roars.

This scene was incredibly astonishing. This was also the first time Xu Qing faced a Dao Nurturing expert head-on!

In the blink of an eye, the countless red grasses growing on the ground and the innumerable branches rushed straight towards Xu Qing. Their speed was so rapid that they created countless afterimages, exceeding the limits of a Nascent Soul stage cultivator. They left Xu Qing with no time to react, closing in within an instant.

Xu Qing's pupils contracted as the imminent danger from all directions created a profound sense of life and death. He knew he was not as powerful as his opponent and slightly slower, unable to evade the situation.

At this moment, his body trembled, and his god's body erupted with a resounding force, reaching a height of 50 feet. The Poison Restriction and the power of the Purple Moon within his body spread out and collided with the incoming branches and red grass from all around.

A rumbling sound echoed. Even though Xu Qing was extraordinary, he was still a little inferior when facing a Dao Nurturing expert. In the blink of an eye, countless red grass blades and numerous branches enveloped him like tentacles.

Even with the suppression of the Purple Moon and the containment of Poison Restriction, the sheer quantity of red grass and branches around him was overwhelming. They kept dissipating and reappearing, accumulating around Xu Qing in the blink of an eye.

A mountain of red grass and branches emerged, rising continuously, reaching a height of 1,000 feet in an instant. At the top, they spread out like an umbrella, forming a immense hand.

It ruthlessly landed on Xu Qing, who was buried in the vegetation below.

With a deafening roar, as the palm descended, the vegetation shattered, and an overwhelmingly terrifying suppressing force erupted. It seemed like it was about to crush the area where the protagonist was located into dust.

However, at that moment, a huge figure manifested from the ground. It was Ghost Emperor Mountain!

At this critical moment, all of Xu Qing's cultivation surged into the Ghost Emperor Mountain, forming the figure of the Ghost Emperor. The moment it appeared, it punched the descending palm with all its might.

The sound from the collision was deafening. The hand made of vegetation inch by inch crumbled and shattered, disintegrating completely. As it rained down, Xu Qing's Ghost Emperor form also showed cracks and eventually collapsed, exposing Xu Qing's true form.

Xu Qing spat out a mouthful of blood and his face turned pale. The pressure from the Dao Nurturing caused his internal organs to tremble. At that moment, his breathing was rushed but his eyes were unnaturally calm.

He didn't hesitate for a moment, his speed exploding instantly as he charged directly towards the Dao Nurturing cultivator who had unleashed countless lightning strikes with a wave of his hand.

At the same time, the successor in the sky serenely spoke.

"There are 80 breaths left."































































The architecture of the Red Moon Temple in the Moon Worship Region primarily featured black design, with tall statues of the Crimson Goddess standing inside.

The combination of those colors, under the dim skies, appeared even darker, giving people a feeling of indescribable oppression.

And the wailing wind howled through the mountains, landing on the Crimson Goddess statues. It caused the two pairs of crescent-shaped earrings hanging from the Crimson Goddess' earlobes to collide, producing a tinkling sound mixed with the heir's voice.

Xu Qing didn't pay attention to the heir's words. At that moment, all his energy was on this Dao Nurturing cultivator who was enveloped by endless lightning.

His mind was calm. His cultivation base erupted completely and the 13 third tribulation nascent souls circulated with all their might. His entire person transformed into a black bolt of lightning that rushed into the lightning pool.

He instantly got close. He raised his right hand and activated the bizarre nether state, turning transparent as he headed straight for the cultivator who had transformed into a treant.

He grabbed fiercely.

"My rules can't be resisted." The treant sneered but didn't dodge. The secret repository in his body rumbled and his right hand burned with red flames. This was formed by the Red Moon's faith.

There were also waves of invisible laws that spread out from his secret repository, enveloping the surroundings, causing this place to contain the laws he had set.

At that moment, he lifted his right hand and grabbed at Xu Qing's arm.

They came into contact in the blink of an eye. There was a gap between Xu Qing's cultivation and combat strength but he possessed the power of the Purple Moon and could offset the divine might from the Red Moon to a certain extent.



However, even so, it was still inferior. Amidst the rumbling, Xu Qing's body trembled. The power of the treant's large hand was like iron pincers, firmly restricting him.

There were also terrifying fluctuations that followed the treant's body and smashed toward Xu Qing. At the same time, the treant chanted an incantation.

It was complicated and difficult to understand but it gave off a bizarre feeling. Cold wind gusted in the surroundings and countless ghosts appeared out of thin air, pouncing toward Xu Qing.

At this critical moment, Xu Qing's decisiveness and ruthlessness were revealed. He actually ignored his right hand that was grabbed and ruthlessly tugged.

With a cracking sound, the joint of his right shoulder was dislocated, allowing him to twist his body. He lifted his right leg and swung it fiercely towards the treant.

The Heavenly Demon Bodies appeared behind him at the same time. There were over a hundred of them and they rapidly pounced over in unison.

The shadow under him also spread out at this moment. The Diamond Sect's ancestor also flew out from the side and stabbed from the side.

All of this took a long time to describe but in reality, it happened in the blink of an eye. In the blink of an eye, the heavenly demon bodies collided with the ghosts. The Diamond Sect's ancestor also pierced into the treant's body. Xu Qing's right foot also landed on the treant's head.

Amidst the rumbling, Xu Qing's expression darkened. His foot actually passed through the treant's head. It was the same for the Diamond Sect's ancestor.

"This isn't the main body!"

At the same time, hundreds of feet behind Xu Qing, the figure of the temple cultivator who had transformed into a treant suddenly appeared. This was his main body.

"It's a pity that you don't understand the rules around Dao Nurturing cultivators." The corners of his mouth curled into a cold smile. He then lifted his right hand and pressed down on Xu Qing who was in the distance.

Immediately, the endless lightning in the surroundings transformed into a large number of lightning snakes that headed straight for Xu Qing from all directions, not giving him the slightest chance to dodge.

The huge arm that was grabbing Xu Qing's right hand transformed into a huge maggot which then suddenly exploded.

Booming sounds surged into the sky. The main body of the temple cultivator moved forward rapidly. With a wave of his right hand, a large number of branches danced, forming a huge battle-ax that headed straight for Xu Qing.

Xu Qing quickly retreated but he was still unable to escape the range of the lightning pool and the maggot's self-destruction. However, Xu Qing was experienced in battle. At that moment, rainbow light flashed all over his body.

At the same time, he pressed his right hand to the ground, twisting his body forcefully. With a cracking sound, despite the intense pain, he managed to reset the dislocated joint.

After that, the morning glow erupted, sweeping outward, dissipating much of the thunderous assault. His shadow rose up around him, forming a cocoon that surrounded him.

In doing so, he avoided the remnants of the force. Amid the echoing sound, the cocoon of shadows fell hundred of feet away, and as it touched the ground, the shadow dissipated, revealing Xu Qing's figure.

The moment he appeared, he looked at the treant cultivator who was approaching him. He counted the time in his heart and the power of the five sundial life lanterns in his body directly erupted.

Time reversal!

In an instant, the sundial life lanterns shone brightly with a devastating radiance, creating a temporal storm that engulfed Xu Qing's entire body. It not only erased his figure from the current location but also placed him back in the position he occupied seven breaths ago when he reappeared.

That location was behind the temple cultivator!

"Time law? Impossible!" The temple cultivator was stunned and his pupils constricted.

This unexpected turn of events was the first to catch him off guard. Despite his superior strength to Xu Qing, their brief exchange earlier had already shown him that the opponent possessed numerous techniques and had a wealth of combat experience. The gap between them wasn't actually that significant.

 The reason he looked domineering had more to do with the fact that his opponent was somewhat unfamiliar with fighting against a Dao Nurturing cultivator.

In this process, the sudden display of this technique was undoubtedly a trump card. The temple cultivator instantly realized this and chose not to continue attacking. Instead, he harnessed the power of the rules contained within his own secret repository and prepared to depart from the scene.

However, it was still too late.

Xu Qing didn't hesitate at all. The freezing power of the sundials was activated. All five sundials erupted, forming an extremely solidified might that landed on the temple cultivator.

It froze his time and everything about him.

At the same time, he raised his right hand and a dagger appeared in it, slashing fiercely at the neck of the temple cultivator in front of him.

The moment the familiar sound spread out, in order to terminate with a single strike, the power of the Poison Restriction rose, destroying life force.

The gnomon needles in his body also flew out rapidly, transforming into five rainbows that rushed out and pierced through the body of the temple cultivator.

Booming sounds echoed out as Xu Qing used his full strength.

At the next moment, the head of the temple cultivator flew up. Under the charge of the five gnomon needles, his body shattered into pieces.

After doing this, Xu Qing's breathing became hurried. He glanced at the wreckage on the ground and then lifted his head to look at the heir in the air.

There were also waves in the heir's heart, but he didn't show any expression on his face as he calmly spoke.

"There are still 30 breaths left."

When Xu Qing heard this, his eyes narrowed as he abruptly looked at the wreckage on the ground. With a wave of his hand, flames spread out, enveloping the ground and burning it. At the same time, he rapidly retreated.

However, the instant he retreated, nine red vortexes shone from the place where the temple cultivator had died and headed straight for Xu Qing.

No matter how Xu Qing dodged, it was useless. In the blink of an eye, he was enveloped.

These nine vortexes surrounded and shone. There was also a rumbling sound that erupted, instantly forming an illusory secret repository.

Looking from afar, Xu Qing was in this secret repository!

"Secret Refinement to One!"

The voice of the temple cultivator rang out from this illusory secret repository. A majestic force instantly erupted, transforming into countless nomological laws that formed the sun, moon, and stars. Ice and fire rumbled, transforming into a trap that refined Xu Qing.

The sun and moon fixed the mind, ice and fire refined the body, thunder assisted, and the heavenly wind transformed into might.

Xu Qing's body and soul trembled violently. In his perception, he was clearly still in the same place but he felt like he was in another space.

That sense of oppression and refinement from all directions seemed to want to crush his soul and burn all his flesh and blood.

An intense pain rose as every inch of his body was being torn apart.

Xu Qing sensed everything in his surroundings without any expression.

The heir looked at all of this with a deeper meaning in his eyes as he slowly spoke.

"What you're facing right now is the genuine Dao Nurturing. If you can't break free, you'll be subdued and refined into oblivion."

As the heir's words echoed, the determination to refine soared. One could vaguely see the illusory secret repository transforming into the body of a temple cultivator.

At this critical moment, a cold glint flashed in Xu Qing's eyes.

"So this is a secret repository without the Heavenly Dao."

"Since there's no Heavenly Dao, I'll give you one!"

"Mosasaur!"































































On the square of the Red Moon Temple, nine radiant vortices, like stars, surrounded Xu Qing, emanating the power of refinement.

The sun, moon, ice, fire, thunder, and heavenly wind erupted at this moment.

There was also a huge treant's figure that vaguely appeared outside the secret repository formed by the nine vortices. His figure was ten thousand feet tall and stood on the square.

His Dao Nurturing aura was completely released.

The color of the sky changed, and the wind and clouds churned. A huge rumbling sound that was like heavenly lightning rang out from all directions.

However, the instant Xu Qing's voice rang out, all of this was shaken by a dragon roar.

The dragon's roar resonated with the sky, causing ripples in the sky.

It shook the ground, causing it to rumble.

A massive mosasaur emerged from within Xu Qing, first revealing its tendrils, followed by its majestic head, and then its awe-inspiring body.

It grew larger and larger and finally leaped out, completely revealing itself in the illusory secret repository.

With its light blue body, sharp teeth, and astonishing dragon scales, it exuded unparalleled majesty, and the aura, unique to the Heavenly Dao, spread from it.

There was a sense of exuberance blended into the dragon's roar, and listening to it, one could feel as though, for the dragon, this moment marked an entry into the vast sea, returning to the most suitable place for its growth.

Its appearance caused the secret repository to tremble even more. The rules and laws contained in it were like a soldier meeting a general and instinctively choosing to obey.



The sky churned and heavenly lightning rumbled.

The expression of the temple cultivator outside the secret repository changed drastically and his eyes revealed disbelief and horror.

"Heavenly Dao?!"

The temple cultivator's mind was in turmoil, unable to fathom why the Heavenly Dao he had sought after for so long, which had eluded him until now, would manifest in a Nascent Soul cultivator.

Moreover, from the fluctuations, it didn't come from a small world but was born in the Wanggu Continent.

This was even more exaggerated.

"A Nascent Soul cultivator possesses the Heavenly Dao? In other words, after this kid reaches the great circle of perfection, he doesn't even need to experience the Dao Nurturing stage. He can directly cross it and form his secret repository!"

Intense uneasiness and horror rose in the temple cultivator's mind.

"The secret treasury of a Dao Nurturing stage cultivator, before they form their own Heavenly Dao, may seem powerful, but what they dread the most is being occupied by someone else's Heavenly Dao…"

"This is originally a place nurtured to form the Heavenly Dao…"

The temple cultivator's body trembled, and his blurred figure immediately used a technique. The nine bright vortices that formed the secret repository within him rapidly dimmed. They were no longer sealed for refinement; instead, they were swiftly changing to open up and expel Xu Qing and the Heavenly Dao from within.

However, it was too late!

The mosasaur had already arrived. It cheered in the secret repository as it began to take over all the rules and laws that submitted.

To it, this was an opportunity that it wouldn't even dream of. After all, no Dao Nurturing cultivator would bring someone else's Heavenly Dao to their home.

Xu Qing's eyes gleamed as he resisted the expelling might.

He didn't want to leave.

He lifted his hands and waved them fiercely.

"Mosasaur, enter!"

As Xu Qing's voice rang out, the mosasaur roared and its entire body spread out in a larger area. One could see with the naked eye that its body emitted countless threads of light that connected to all of the secret repository.

The nine bright spheres of light were its main focus.

Countless threads headed straight for the spheres of light. Although they crumbled as soon as they got close, the threads from the mosasaur's body were endless.

After experiencing the heavy injury before and being hungry for a long time, the mosasaur was still in a state where it wasn't full and was overdrafted. Hence, when it saw such a feast, it went crazy.

 Greed appeared in its eyes. It recklessly opened its mouth and ruthlessly bit and devoured. The color of its body also rapidly changed from light blue to dark blue.

Cracking sounds echoed as the secret repository trembled even more intensely.

To the temple cultivator, this sound was as though his heart was being bitten into. Every bite represented years of nourishment.

What made his heart ache even more was that the heavenly mandates he had worked hard to accumulate for many years in this secret repository were also hungrily devoured by the mosasaur. It even looked quite displeased. Its divine aura intensified, its presence surging as its color shifted once again, changing to silver.

Although it wasn't much, this bit of silver gave off the feeling of a Spirit Repository.

The heir observing this scene from the sky wore an expression filled with deep meaning.

However, the cultivation of the temple cultivator surpassed Xu Qing after all. Seeing this, madness also rose in his heart.

"You want to devour my secret repository. This is your chance but at the same time, it's also my chance. If I refine you, refine your Heavenly Dao, and everything changes owners, then today… will be the day I open the first complete secret repository!"

The temple cultivator shouted inwardly and his illusory body suddenly contracted, turning into nine parts. With the enhancement of his natal nine vortices, the might of his secret repository soared again, suppressing the mosasaur's attempt to take control of the rules and laws within his secret repository, allowing him to refine them again.

After all, this was a secret repository that he had nurtured for many years. Although the mosasaur had a huge advantage in this secret repository, due to its cultivation, it was still a little inferior. At that moment, it had only fused 20%.

Now, as the temple cultivator went all out, the fusion was stopped and there was even a reversal.

"There are six breaths of time," the heir calmly said.

Almost at the instant he spoke, Xu Qing cast a deep glance at the Heavenly Dao Mosasaur. He could sense that the mosasaur had fused with 20% of the temple cultivator's secret repository. Moreover, after devouring so many heavenly mandates that the other party had painstakingly accumulated, its strength had increased by a lot.

"It's about time. Even if it self-destructs, it's worth it!"

Xu Qing put away his greed. He understood that there was a high chance that the heir was not joking. If a hundred breaths really passed, what awaited him would be a desperate situation.

With his personality, he wasn't willing to put his safety in the hands of others.

Moreover, as the temple cultivator refined it, it would be very difficult for the mosasaur to continue devouring. Hence, ending the battle quickly was still his first priority.

All these thoughts appeared in Xu Qing's mind in an extremely short period of time. After that, he didn't hesitate at all to give the mosasaur the order to self-destruct.

The mosasaur trembled and let out a helpless cry. After that, its body suddenly swayed. Under the horror of the temple cultivator, terrifying energy fluctuations instantly rose from its body.

This fluctuation grew stronger and stronger. Finally, a huge explosion rang out as the mosasaur self-destructed.

The thundering sounds were deafening.

A piercing, agonized scream erupted, originating from the mosasaur, the temple cultivator, and a pained grunt from Xu Qing.

Not only did the mosasaur self-destruct, but the secret repository of the temple cultivator was also affected. Due to the inextricable connection between this secret repository and the mosasaur, six of the nine bright vortices instantly shattered.

The remaining three also dimmed and rapidly gathered, forming the body of the temple cultivator. He spat out large mouthfuls of blood and withdrew rapidly with a panicked expression.

As for the mosasaur's body, only its head remained, as the rest of its form crumbled and dispersed in all directions.

The remaining head was predominantly silver in color, exuding a sense of weakness. However, compared to its previous state, it had grown significantly. It transformed into a silver radiance amidst its wails and returned to Xu Qing's body.

Xu Qing was also severely injured, both from his previous wounds and the consumption caused by the refinement. The mosasaur was his life essence, and the backlash from its self-detonation surged into Xu Qing's entire body like a tidal wave.

Blood flowed out of his mouth and many parts of his body were broken. He was staggering, but he didn't stop. The Poison Restriction in his body spread throughout his body as he headed straight for the temple cultivator whose secret repository had collapsed.

He instantly caught up and slashed with the dagger in his hand that was enforced with Poison Restriction, sending the temple cultivator's head flying!

This extreme exertion caused Xu Qing to cough up more blood from various parts of his body. He was gasping heavily, and his vision was blurred, but he gritted his teeth and raised his head, looking at the heir in the sky. In a hoarse voice, he spoke.

"The timing is just right!"

Almost in the instant when Xu Qing's words were spoken, the cognitive power enveloping the temple dissipated, and everyone's senses returned to normal. They all seemed to have noticed something and abruptly turned their heads to look at the square.

There was nothing there.

The dead Dao Nurturing cultivator from the temple no longer existed. As for Xu Qing, he also disappeared.

Only the fluctuations in the sky and the broken ground on the surface bore witness to the reality of what had just occurred.

However, in everyone's memories, the ground here was shattered to begin with and they ignored the changes in the sky.

Hence, everything in the temple went on as usual.

In the sky outside the temple, the heir walked ahead with his hands behind his back. Xu Qing's body trembled as he endured it and didn't faint. He was supported by the shadow and the Diamond Sect's ancestor and followed behind.

"This battle exposed many of your issues."

The heir calmly spoke.

Xu Qing remained silent.

"A secret repository with or without the Heavenly Dao is the same as a Foundation Building realm with or without the Mystic Brilliance Form . So, you should know that the person you fought with can be killed with a single slap by a true Spirit Repository."

"However, you used a hundred breaths of time and were also heavily injured."

"So your first issue is a severe lack of experience in battling with Dao Nurturing cultivators. You have not yet adapted to fighting against those who possess control over laws."

"This person's nomological laws are actually ordinary and his usage of it is simple."

"Your second issue is the messy things you have all over your body. You haven't connected them and formed a trump card."

"There's a third issue. You didn't dig out the true effects of those things in your body."

"Overall, your methods are far too one-dimensional."

"You have some combinations, but not many, and you lack truly formidable techniques that can threaten someone a realm higher."

"In the past, you must have fought people of higher cultivation many times, but in reality, you didn't win by being weaker and prevailing. You won through the absolute strength of your abilities."

"This won't do."

As the heir spoke, he glanced at Xu Qing, who was on the verge of collapse. With a wave of his hand, the world spun and their figures appeared outside the earth city's apothecary.

"You have to truly defeat the strong despite being weaker. Only then will you be qualified."

Anticipation appeared in the prince's eyes as he spoke softly. After he finished speaking, he calmly walked into the apothecary.

Xu Qing was behind. The moment he stepped in, he spat out a mouthful of blood. His body couldn't hold on anymore and he fell down, fainting.

Vaguely, he seemed to hear Ling'er's exclamations mixed with the complaint of the parrot.

"Grandpa, grandpa, you're finally back! A few days ago, when I went out to play, I encountered a group of mysterious people. They plucked all the feathers that had just grown on my body…"































































The next morning, Xu Qing opened his eyes. Ling'er had been taking care of him all the while. When she saw Xu Qing wake up, she quickly approached, her little face filled with concern.

"Brother Xu Qing…"

"I'm fine." Xu Qing smiled. He then patted Ling'er's head, and sensed his injuries.

Under the recovery power of the purple crystal, most of his injuries had recovered, but he still felt lethargic.

This was mainly the backlash effect on the soul caused by the mosasaur's self-destruction.

However, the remaining head of the mosasaur contained even more heavenly mandate power than before, and it was of a different level. So, during its recovery process, it was a kind of enhancement for Xu Qing.

Xu Qing could sense that after this sense of weakness disappeared, his soul would be more tenacious and powerful than before.

"In about twenty days, I should be fully recovered. By then, my strength will have increased significantly, and if I encounter another Dao Nurturing cultivator, I'll be more prepared."

Xu Qing took a deep breath and sat up. At this moment, the captain revealed his figure from the door. As he ate a peach, he glanced at Xu Qing and smiled.

"You went out for a trip, but why do you look a little different after returning? Your gaze is even sharper than before."

As he spoke, the captain threw an apple to Xu Qing.

Xu Qing caught it and took a bite. He then walked out of the back room and into the apothecary.

Ning Yan was wiping the ground. As he wiped, he sighed. When he saw Xu Qing, he forced a smile.



Nether Fairy was boiling water in frustration. She could clearly use her cultivation to boil it instantly, but this was clearly not allowed. Hence, she could only sit there and stare at the stove and iron pot in front of her.

As for Li Youfei, he was enthusiastically introducing medicinal pills to a trembling Qi Condensation cultivator.

Wu Jianwu was still at the entrance. He, who was already used to his identity, was wearing rough hemp clothes and looking up as he recited a poem.

There was also an old man sitting behind the counter of the apothecary, spinning beads in his hand and smiling as he watched everything. On his shoulder was a featherless parrot that looked indignant.

"Grandpa, I suspect that it was Chen Erniu who did it…" The parrot lowered its head. After its gaze swept past Xu Qing and the captain, it immediately glared angrily at the captain and complained to the heir.

The captain smiled but didn't care. Instead, he walked to the door and took out a sword. He crossed his arms and lifted his chin, taking his position as a guard.

Warmth rose in Xu Qing's heart. Everything was the same as when he left. In this small apothecary, that warm feeling made his heart feel even more at peace.

At that moment, Nether Fairy had finally boiled the water. She hurriedly carried it to the old man and made tea for him.

The heir picked up the teacup and took a sip. After that, his gaze landed on Xu Qing.

"Your training will continue after twenty days."

Xu Qing solemnly agreed. He also felt anticipation in his heart. He could foresee that such training would definitely be very dangerous every time. However, as long as he endured it and gained some insights, the improvement would be extremely huge.

Just like that, several days passed.

Xu Qing's injuries were slowly healing, but he could already feel a difference in the power of his soul. This change was evident in the speed at which he pondered problems.

Things that used to require deep contemplation now became clear with just a little thought. This allowed Xu Qing, during his recovery period, to pick up his research on curses once again and delve deeper into the subject.

Because of this, Li Youfei became even busier.

Finally, after ten days, Xu Qing, with the growth of his own soul and his previous research results, used Li Youfei's blood as a catalyst. He utilized the chaotic growth of the flesh that had remained from before, incorporating his own Purple Moon energy, to improve the curse-resolving pill.

This improvement was different from the past. Under Xu Qing's accumulation of experience and studies, he finally managed to reduce the amount of curses by a little.

The previous curse-resolving pill could also accomplish this, but reduction was only 1 in 10,000 which was insignificant.

However, now, if the number of curses in a person's body was 100, then after eating this curse-resolving pill, it would become 99.

Hence, the effect was even more astonishing.

Xu Qing could foresee that after this type of curse-resolving pill was sold, someone would definitely sense its true effect.

"It's a pity that the reduction is still too low. However, my direction isn't wrong. If I continue like this, I should be able to gradually increase the medicinal effects until I can refine a pill that can truly neutralize the curse."

 After some thought, Xu Qing headed to the Moon Rebel Hall.

It had been several months since he last stepped into the Moon Rebel Hall.

This time around, Xu Qing didn't enter alone.

Ling'er had put aside her accounting work over the past few days due to her concern for Xu Qing's injuries. She spent her time by his side, and she was also very curious about the Moon Rebel Hall. So, when Xu Qing entered this time, he took Ling'er with him.

In the Moon Rebel Hall, in Xu Qing's temple, there were seven to eight statues of gods meditating.

These were either neighbors or fanatics. Moreover, all of them had bought Xu Qing's curse-resolving pills before.

Hence, even though the Master hadn't come for a few months, the piety in their hearts caused them to come here every day. It was as though meditating here could invisibly suppress the curse.

This was especially so for the burly dude with an exposed chest. As a cultivator who had fully listened to the Dao Voice, he had already successfully created his new persona. He usually called himself a follower of the Master.

He had a strong aversion to any criticism directed at the Master. At this moment, he looked dignified and calmly spoke to the other devotees by his side.

"Although Master hasn't returned for a while, as his followers and beneficiaries, we must maintain our unwavering faith. We should not blindly heed the words of outsiders."

"I still firmly believe that on the day Master returns, he will definitely cause an even greater storm in the Moon Rebel Hall!"

The burly dude's voice echoed and the other devotees in the surroundings nodded solemnly. However, one of the female immortal statues hesitated for a moment before speaking in a low voice.

"Although there have been criticisms from some proficient alchemy masters, they are of little consequence. However, recently, Master Shengluo has also raised many doubts…"

As the woman spoke, the others fell silent.

The name Shengluo held considerable weight in the hearts of the cultivators of the Moon Rebel Hall.

All of this was because this Master was the person who sold the most curse-resolving pills in the Moon Rebel Hall. Some people even analyzed that at least 30% of the curse-resolving pills in the Moon Rebel Hall were made by this Master.

Hence, the meaning of his skepticism was different.

Seeing that everyone was silent, the burly neighbor let out a cold snort and was about to speak.

However, at this moment, the altar trembled.

This tremor caused all the statues sitting cross-legged in the temple to be stunned for a moment. Their hearts stirred as they abruptly looked at the altar.

At the altar, the statue of the old man with the gourd on his back, whose eyes had been closed for a long time, suddenly opened.

"Master!"

"Master Pill Nine!"

The seven or eight statues had their spirits strongly shaken and stood up, bowing towards Xu Qing, especially the neighbor, who was particularly excited.

"Master, you're finally back!"

Xu Qing was momentarily taken aback but didn't make any hasty moves. He stood on the altar, and his gaze fell upon those who were bowing to him below. He spoke slowly.

"You are?"

"Master, we are all people who owe you a debt of gratitude. Over the past few months, we have voluntarily guarded this place in the hopes of tracking your steps and becoming your followers!"

The burly neighbor respectfully spoke.

Upon hearing this, Xu Qing remained silent and looked outside.

Outside, the bronze square cauldron emitted billowing green smoke, rising gracefully into the air, giving the appearance of a bustling incense cauldron.

Further away, he could vaguely see dozens of statues contemplating in different directions.

Although he had heard the leader mention these things, Xu Qing still fell into deep thought after seeing it with his own eyes.

Seeing that Xu Qing didn't speak, the seven to eight statues in the temple felt nervous. From what they knew, this Master Pill Nine must be an old monster with a high cultivation base.

Generally speaking, such old monsters had eccentric personalities. Hence, they didn't know if their actions of contemplating here would make the Master dislike them.

However, it was only right for them to give it a try. If it really suited the Master's thoughts, the status of a follower would be very meaningful to them.

With this thought in mind, the few of them carefully observed Xu Qing.

More than ten breaths later, Xu Qing, with an expressionless face and a calm heart, stood on the altar overlooking below. His gaze swept over the statues, and he spoke in a composed tone.

"Tell me what happened recently."

Seeing that the Master didn't refuse them becoming his followers, these statues all breathed a sigh of relief, especially the burly man. He swiftly began to speak, relaying the comments and questions raised about Xu Qing over the past few months.

Xu Qing nodded, and the information they provided matched with what he had learned from the captain, albeit with more detailed accounts from these individuals.

He thought for a moment and was about to show the newly created pill he made. However, he suddenly heard a voice in his head, which sounded annoyed, and it was the voice of Ling'er.

"Brother Xu Qing, I've heard what they said, and I have a general idea of the situation. Those people are really mean, doubting you. So, I have an idea…"

"If Brother Xu Qing has a new pill, we can use their influence to create some buzz. We can set a date for the pill's release and announce it in advance."

"This way, during the process, it will surely raise some doubts, and at that time, Brother Xu Qing, you can take out the pill to let those skeptics be proven wrong!"

"In the past, every time my father's shop was shut down, there would be rumors in the Seven Blood Eyes' main city that he couldn't make it anymore. Every time this happened, he would announce it like this."

Ling'er whispered.

Xu Qing smiled. He didn't care about these rumors, but seeing that Ling'er was so angry, he nodded and looked at the statues below.

"In ten days, I'll release an improved curse-resolving pill. This pill is very different from the curse-resolving pills in the past. It's called the curse-breaking pill."

"You wait for these ten days, spread the news to the outside world, and after ten days when I release it, I will give each of you one."

Xu Qing calmly spoke. After he finished speaking, he closed his eyes and left the Moon Rebel Hall.

After he left, these statues in the temple all gasped. They looked at each other and noticed the horror in each other's eyes.

"The medicinal effects are greatly different from the past?"

"It's not called the curse-resolving pill but the curse-breaking pill?"

"This name…"

These seven to eight statues were all moved. From this name, they could sense some content that they didn't dare to believe.

"A pill that can dispel the curse?" No matter how fanatical the burly neighbor was about Xu Qing, his breathing still paused at this moment. An incredulous feeling rose in his heart.

"What if it's true?" After a long time, one of the statues suddenly spoke.

As soon as he spoke, the breathing of the other statues instantly hastened.

"If that's true… then from now on, in this Moon Rebel Hall, Master Pill Nine will become a true god!"

The burly neighbor felt huge waves in his mind as he muttered.































































An hour after Xu Qing left, the seven to eight followers in the temple had already gathered their thoughts. All of them put on excited expressions and walked out of the temple.

The moment they appeared outside, they attracted the attention of the people who were habitually waiting outside.

"Master Pill Nine has made an announcement!"

The burly neighbor stepped forward and stood at the front. His voice was like a large bell that spread in all directions.

"In ten days, Master will release a pioneering great alchemy pill!"

"This pill is vastly different from the traditional curse-resolving pills. This will be a pill that has never been seen in the entire Moon Rebel Hall in countless years!"

"The effect is astonishing enough to overturn everything!"

As his voice rang out, the expressions of the surrounding statues changed as they listened attentively.

Seeing this, the burly neighbor took a deep breath and his eyes revealed anticipation. His voice was like heavenly lightning as it rang out again.

"I won't say much. I can only tell everyone that the name of this pill isn't to resolve just the pain but to dispel the curses!"

"Curse-breaking pill!"

As soon as these words were spoken, all the statues outside the temple were visibly shaken. All of them felt great waves in their hearts and disbelief appeared on their faces.

Someone even immediately spoke up.

"Curse-breaking pill? Breaking the curse?"

"How is this possible!"



"This is the Crimson Goddess' curse. Who dares to say that it can be broken?"

An uproar instantly broke out. There were clearly only dozens of statues outside, but such shocking news caused them to make sounds like hundreds of people.

Seeing this, the burly neighbor took a deep breath and calmly spoke.

"In ten days, Master will return and release it for the first time here. Everyone, wait quietly for ten days and let us witness this wonder together!"

With that, he turned and headed straight for the distance. The other followers also spread out. According to their previous communication, they were going to do their best to spread this matter throughout the entire Moon Rebel Hall in these ten days.

They also understood that there was actually no need to push this matter. As long as they spread the news slightly, it would definitely cause an uproar everywhere.

After all, Master Pill Nine's name was already quite famous in the Moon Rebel Hall and attracted a lot of attention. Hence, his subversive words would definitely cause a huge wave.

One could imagine that in the next ten days, doubts would erupt like never before.

As they spread out, the statues outside the temple also scattered and spread this news.

The meaning of the words 'curse-breaking pill' was too great.

The truth was indeed as the followers had expected. In fact, it was even more intense. On the fourth day after this matter spread, a storm erupted in the entire Moon Rebel Hall.

Everyone who heard about it was shocked. What followed was endless doubt.

"Only a fool would believe such nonsense!"

"There's actually someone who uttered that the curse can be broken. This is nonsense!"

"That's the god's curse. Could it be that this Master Pill Nine is a god?!"

"But… what if? What if it can really be broken, even if it's just a little?"

Amidst the countless doubts, the words 'what if' were mixed in, causing everyone to hesitate. Hope was the fire in everyone's hearts.

Most of the people who lived in the Moon Worship Region had their flames extinguished. Perhaps those who joined the Moon Rebel Hall were people who were unwilling to accept their fate.

Hence, this fire fluctuated at this moment.

This, however, did not eliminate the doubts, because the more one hoped, the more one feared disappointment, and it was natural to question. This was true for ordinary members of the Moon Rebel Hall, and even more so for those who excelled in alchemy and the study of curses.

 "Cultivators like us hate those who like to show off the most. This Fellow Daoist Pill Nine's words are too irresponsible!"

"That gives people hope. If they are ultimately disappointed, this person's reputation will plummet!"

"Curse-breaking pill, curse-breaking pill… It's easier said than done. Since ancient times, no one has been able to do it unless he's a god or a divine son!"

Countless words turned into a storm, becoming the biggest waves in the Moon Rebel Hall for these days, and even some high-ranking members of the Moon Rebel Hall heard and paid attention.

And there were believers too, but almost ninety percent of the comments were negative.

At the same time, some highly respected masters, who usually kept a low profile, also made appearances. Some of them expressed their opinions, while others discussed the possibility of this.

This moment, in the eastern part of the Moon Worship Region, on the nine colored plains which was situated at some distance from the Heavenly Fire Sea, there was a master who had concealed himself here.

Right now, someone was quickly approaching the cave abode where he was in seclusion. He knelt there and lifted a pill bottle high.

"Master, I bought this curse-resolving pill refined by Pill Nine from someone else."

After a long time, the cave abode's door opened and a huge suction force spread out, enveloping the pill bottle and drawing it inside.

Inside the cave, an old man in white robes sat cross-legged. Surrounding him were dozens of red-eyed squirrels, each emanating a remarkable aura, all of them sitting cross-legged just like humans.

As the pill bottle flew over, the old man grabbed it and expressionlessly opened it. After taking a sniff, he took it out and sized it up a few times.

"There's the aura of the green sand desert's white wind."

"This relies on the vitality from the white wind, allowing a semblance of balance with the Crimson Goddess' curse. But in reality, this method was abandoned many years ago."

"One who consumes this pill will be unharmed at first, but if done for a long time, it will certainly result in backlash."

The old man calmly spoke.

The cultivator outside the cave abode revealed a respectful expression and nodded.

"Indeed, that's why it is so inexpensive. Your knowledge, Master, is truly profound."

The old man continued to observe the medicinal pill and pinched it again. Finally, he shook his head.

"There are also some herbs mixed in, as well as some unknown items, but ultimately, the structure is flawed."

"The alchemists these days don't cultivate and study properly. They rely on shortcuts, showmanship, and crowd-pleasing. Those who fall victim to their deceptions in the future will undoubtedly be numerous."

With that, the old man waved his hand and threw the curse-resolving pill to a squirrel at the side. That squirrel picked it up and swallowed it.

"Just so-so."

The old man no longer cared. He looked outside the cave abode and calmly spoke.

"Such actions reveal a malicious nature, and they must be punished. Go to the Moon Rebel Hall and inform them that I will also be improving the curse-resolving pill. Six days from now… at the same time as Master Pill Nine, I will release the new pill."

"The curse-resolving pill I modified is also a innovative pill. Its medicinal effect will be twice that of the original curse-resolving pill, and the side effects have been reduced by half!"

As soon as the old man finished speaking, the expression of the disciple outside instantly changed and great waves rose in his heart. It was only after a long time that he took a deep breath and left, heading to the Moon Rebel Hall to announce this matter.

Very soon, this matter stirred up another storm in the Moon Rebel Hall.

"Master Shengluo will be releasing an improved curse-resolving pill six days from now!"

"With such efficacy and only a slight side effect, this is truly a miraculous pill, far superior to that so-called curse-breaking pill!"

"Master Shengluo's name is based on reputation, unlike Pill Nine, who plays tricks and disgusts people!"

Different from the skepticism about the curse-breaking pill, this time, almost everyone was applauding and looking forward to it. At the same time, every time they praised him, they would mention Xu Qing's curse-breaking pill.

The storm in Moon Rebel Hall churned much more intensely.

The commotion in the Moon Rebel Hall also spread to the outside world. At this moment, two days before the release date, as he was researching curses, Xu Qing saw the captain with a mysterious expression on his face.

"Little Qing, you've got a big problem!"

The captain looked at Xu Qing with a mocking expression.

Xu Qing lifted his head and looked at the captain.

"What is it?"

The captain had a smug expression when he heard this. He sat opposite Xu Qing and smiled.

"What's wrong, Little Qing? Didn't you say that you're my best friend, Master Pill Nine? Don't you know what's happening? Let me tell you, you're the hottest topic in the Moon Rebel Hall now."

The captain had a smug smile on his face as he took a bite of a peach.

Xu Qing expressionlessly nodded.

"Still pretending?" The captain laughed and patted Xu Qing's shoulder.

"Little Qing, I've been paying attention to you these few days and didn't sense any fluctuations from entering the Moon Rebel Hall. Especially on the day when the master returned, I was at his temple!"

"After that, I immediately returned to take a look and discovered that you were playing chess with the elder. So, between us good brothers, you don't have to brag."

The captain smiled proudly.

Xu Qing fell into deep thought. He didn't remember playing chess with the heir before. Hence, he glanced in the direction the heir lived in and recalled the statues in the temple back then.

Unfortunately, with the concealment from the Moon Rebel Hall, he couldn't be sure if the captain was among the statues in the temple back then.

However, seeing that the captain was so excited, he thought about it and didn't break the other party's sweet dream. Hence, he calmly spoke.

"What happened to your best friend?"

"It's nothing major. He uttered that he would release a new pill in a few days. When I went to look for him today, he showed it to me. I think it's so-so." The captain coughed.

"However, it was still passable, so I comforted him. He was in a bad mood and felt that he was being questioned, so I told him that being questioned meant that he was valued."

"Under my persuasion, Old Nine came to his senses. In order to thank me, he agreed to give me a pill after releasing it."

"After I get it, Little Qing, I'll give it to you!" The captain said proudly.

Xu Qing nodded. He decided that when he entered in a few days, he would observe those followers carefully a few more times and see which of them had the style of the captain.

Just like that, time flowed by. There was only a day left until the release date. Outside the earth city where the apothecary was located, the sky suddenly rumbled. A powerful pressure spread out from the desert and whistled toward earth city.

The green sandstorm also became violent at this moment. There were also bolts of lightning swimming inside.

Upon closer inspection, one could see the figures of many cultivators in the sandstorm.

These cultivators wore white robes and their heads were also covered. However, their bloodlines seemed to be bizarre and they seemed to have fused with the sandstorm. Wherever there was wind, their figures would appear.

There were no less than thousands of them. Their existence also caused the green wind to show white color.

There were also five astonishing energy fluctuations that gave off the aura of the Spirit Repository .

Although the aura at the front was also of a Spirit Repository, it was authoritative and was infinitely close to Nihility.

This was a white-haired old man. His expression was cold as he walked forward with his hands behind his back. His target was clear as he headed straight for earth city.

Beside him were some juniors. One of them was the perfected Nascent Soul cultivator who had nailed the shadow back then.

These people were none other than the mysterious Wind Guard Race of the desert!

"Ancestor, it's this earth city!"

On the day when the villain took away our sacred item, our race had issued a warrant for him. Recently, I received information that he is in the apothecary in this city!"

The white-robed man said through gritted teeth. When the ancestor heard this, he calmly spoke.

"My race has been inactive for a long time, and it seems that the cultivators in the green sand desert have forgotten our reputation. So, we can use this opportunity to reestablish our prestige by dealing with this individual, reminding the cultivators of the green sand desert of the name of the Wind Guard Race."

In the distance, the earth city was in sight. The small apothecary inside was also clearly visible.































































The Wind Guard Race was a mysterious race in the green sand desert.

This race rarely went out. Most of the cultivators of the green sand desert had only heard of them and few had seen them.

Only when the environment of the green sand desert was destroyed by external forces on a large scale would this race appear as guardians of the desert to stop and neutralize external forces.

Their methods were mysterious, possessing many ancient powers, causing even the Nihility cultivators to find them troublesome.

As time passed, people referred to this race as Desert Guardians.

However, in reality, within their race, they called themselves the Wind Guards.

What they protected wasn't the desert but the wind in this desert.

The reason why they stopped the destruction of the desert environment was also because the changes in the environment would affect the wind.

So whenever the green wind changed colors, with white sand drifting in the air, the figures of this race would emerge, as if welcoming and also as if tracing the path of the wind.

As for their history and origins, it had dissipated into the annals of time, nearly unknown to outsiders. Therefore, the Wind Guard Race became quite unique within the entire expanse of the green sand desert.

Back then, their bounty on Xu Qing caused quite a commotion. The race promised that anyone who provided clues would obtain their race's token.

With this token, when white wind arrived, the holder would be exempted from death.



This reward was enough to tempt many powerful people.

Although Xu Qing had hidden himself, there were many mystical people in this world. Some people used some unknown methods to deduce some clues.

So, this led to the mobilization of the Wind Guard Race this time.

In order to demonstrate the dignity of their race, they naturally chose to make a public and majestic move, with an imposing momentum.

Many forces in the Bitter Life Mountain Range sensed this, especially the various sects around earth city. They either spread out their divine consciousness or approached the earth city.

At this moment, they gazed at the faintly whitening figure of sand and wind, and gasped.

"The green wind changed its color because of the white figures. This is the mysterious race that appeared in the white wind in the desert!"

"I've heard of this race… Previously, they issued a wanted order."

"I think someone stole their race's holy item…"

"From the looks of it, the thief is hiding in that earth city?"

Numerous cultivators manifested in the surroundings of the earth city. All of them were paying attention. Some had shocked expressions, some sneered, and some had other thoughts.

"This thief is dead meat. Of all the things he could have done, he insisted on provoking this Wind Guard Race."

"I've seen descriptions of this race in some books. It's said that they are extremely savage and domineering."

"But I heard that they are very rich?"

In the midst of the scrutiny of many beings and divine consciousness, the earth city remained deathly silent in the deep night. The pressure from the sky and the greenish-white wind continued to howl, creating an instinctive sense of oppression that enveloped the hearts of Daoist Mu and his subordinates who were disguised as residents.

These low-level cultivators were all trembling and didn't dare to move at all.

Only the apothecary in earth city was lit up in the dark night. It became the only warm place in earth city.

Right now, in the apothecary, Ning Yan was wiping the ground in boredom. Li Youfei lifted his head and glanced at the outside world for a moment before helping Ning Yan.

Wu Jianwu was lying in the distance with his limbs spread out. His eyes were closed as he pondered a new poem that he would recite tomorrow.

Ling'er sat behind the counter, calculating the profits of the day. From time to time, she would stop recording with a joyful expression.

The captain stood beside the door like a gate god. He had also sensed the situation outside. However, compared to it, staring at Nether Fairy working was his joy at this moment. Hence, he stared motionlessly at Nether Fairy who was boiling water.

Nether Fairy felt her hair stand on end. She turned her head and glared at Chen Erniu.

"Work hard, or I'll call your husband out!" The captain glared.

 Nether Fairy's entire body trembled. When she thought of how she had interacted with such a disgusting thing previously, she felt extreme discomfort.

At this moment, a murderous intent filled her eyes as she stared fixedly at Chen Erniu. In her heart, Chen Erniu's level of loathing had surpassed everyone else. In comparison, she no longer held much hatred towards Xu Qing; all of it was now concentrated on Chen Erniu.

"What are you looking at? You only know how to slack off. The water is already boiling. Hurry up and make tea for Elder!" The captain snorted.

Nether Fairy gritted her teeth, reluctantly withdrawing her gaze. She picked up a tea pot and walked towards the heir, who was observing Xiaomiao not far away. As she approached, she instinctively suppressed all her emotions, becoming docile. She arrived quietly and began to brew tea.

When the captain saw this scene, he was smug inwardly. Just as he was about to speak, there was a knock on the door of the apothecary.

Wu Jianwu frowned. This sound interrupted his thoughts. He waved his hand and opened the apothecary's door, looking over impatiently.

"Master!"

As the door of the apothecary opened, Chen Fanzhuo's figure rushed over. His face was filled with panic and anxiety. The moment he entered, he hurriedly greeted the surroundings. After that, he looked at the back room and shouted.

"Master, something major has happened. The Wind Guard Race…"

Before he could finish speaking, the world outside suddenly rumbled. The wind blew loudly, stirring up countless sandstorms that blew into the earth city and into houses. It even stirred up the dust on the ground, forming dust fog that spread in all directions.

Many white figures walked out of the wind and landed in the earth city.

Some manifested on the streets, some on the rooftops, some floated in mid-air. Their number was vast, numbering in the thousands. Among them were many powerful individuals, and their auras merged with the wind, creating a formidable pressure that locked onto the apothecary.

Among these many figures, four directly landed on the street where the apothecary was located, less than a thousand feet away from it.

The white robes on these four beings were adorned with golden threads. Although their specific appearances couldn't be seen, judging from their attire, it was evident that they were distinct from the other clan members, both in clothing and cultivation level.

Every one of them had passed the Dao Nurturing stage and stepped into the true Spirit Repository.

But compared to these four, the golden-robed figure that silently manifested itself 100 feet away from the apothecary after the appearance of the masses was even more conspicuous.

This person, unlike other members of the Wind Guard Race, did not have his head covered by the long robe, so his white hair, hunched back, and the majestic expression on his face were clearly visible.

As he appeared, regardless of whether it was the four Spirit Repository cultivators or the thousands of white-robed clansmen in the surroundings, they all lowered their heads.

"Ancestor."

This golden-robed man was their ancestor.

He stood there and the energy fluctuations of the perfected Spirit Repository continuously rose. One could vaguely see threads appearing in the surroundings. They were all Dao marks.

When he could encompass everything within his sight, he would be able to break through the Spirit Repository and step into Nihility.

Now, he was only half a step away.

At that moment, the wind grew even stronger. The howling sound was like the furious roars of ferocious beasts, shaking the hearts of everyone in all directions.

The onlookers outside the city held their breaths, their eyes instinctively turning towards the golden-robed old man in front of the apothecary.

The old man's eyes remained calm as he gazed coldly at the apothecary ahead. His aura surged, and the faint shadow of a divine dragon roared in all directions, a majestic force that seemed capable of stopping any catastrophe and crushing all obstacles before him.

The grandeur of such a prominent figure was evident in him, and the pressure that came from long-standing authority made people overlook the hunched figure he bore.

At that moment, his gaze swept across the apothecary. He walked forward without saying a word.

As he took a step, the earth shook, the winds and clouds churned in all directions, and the sky surged, stirring the hearts of all onlookers. It seemed as if he was stepping on their pulses, making everyone's heart skip a beat.

His expression was calm. He didn't say anything, nor did he have the slightest fluctuation in his mind. It was as though to him, no one in the apothecary was worthy of him speaking.

When he came here, he only needed to lift his hand to retrieve the holy item. When he walked in, he could trample over everything.

After all, cultivation was the foundation of everything.

Hence, he placed his hands behind his back and walked to the apothecary step by step. He didn't stop at all and stepped into the apothecary.

The moment his figure entered the apothecary, the door of the apothecary closed with a bang.

This sudden closure didn't cause anyone to have any bad premonitions. Regardless of whether it was the thousands of wind guards here or the people watching the show outside the earth city, they didn't think that anything unexpected would happen.

After all, the difference between the two sides was too great, just like the difference between a behemoth and a little rabbit.

No matter how much the rabbit struggled, it couldn't escape fate's control.

At that moment, most of the clansmen outside thought so. All of them were proud and the wind also sensed their emotions. It blew increasingly intensely.

Because of this, the whimpering sounds echoed even more sharply.

The hearts of everyone who was paying attention to this scene outside the earth city trembled one after another. This time, the Wind Guard Race's move had displayed enough foundation, causing them to be shocked.

"This is to establish their might and warn everyone."

"This little thief in the apothecary has no way out."

"Why did you have to steal the holy item of this desert race…"

"If this thief is tactful and takes the initiative to hand over the holy item and the evil spirit, he might be able to die a quick death. Otherwise, he'll suffer."

Some of them sighed, while others gloated. The happiest people were none other than the few white-robed men who had fought with Xu Qing back then.

At that moment, the leader of the group of white-robed men stood on the streets and looked at the apothecary. The corners of his mouth curled into a smile and his heart was filled with joy. He could imagine that when the ancestor walked out very soon, he would definitely be carrying that evil and arrogant thief.

"Little thief, back then, you used tricks to steal my race's holy item, causing me to be punished by the elders. Today, I'll let you know the consequences of offending my race!"

"Not only you but also the evil spirit you reared and the parrot that can only teleport will die miserably. This is the outcome of provoking my race!"

"If you want to blame someone, blame yourself for not having the ability and insisting on offending the strong!"

"From today onward, with the revival of my race's dignity, the cultivators of the green sand desert will once again recall the name of our species in history!"

The white-robed youth had a calm expression as he sneered.

He was filled with anticipation.































































At this moment, inside the apothecary, the ancestor of the Wind Guard in the gold robe, hands behind his back, looked around with a faint indifference as the door behind him closed.

This apothecary wasn't big and looked ordinary. There was an iron kettle boiling water on the stove at the side, emitting some vapor.

The first person he saw was a youth in a rough hemp robe who was sprawled out at the side.

This youth's expressions were ever-changing. Sometimes, he would frown, sometimes he would fall into deep thought, and sometimes he had a smug expression. He also muttered some random poems that didn't make sense.

The other party actually didn't even glance at his arrival.

The ancestor swept his gaze over and could tell that it was just a small Golden Core cultivator. Hence, he directly ignored him and looked at the second person standing at the side with a longsword in his arms.

This person was also a youth and was currently smiling at him.

"This esteemed guest, don't mind me. I'm just a guard. If you wish to make a purchase, please proceed inside."

As he spoke, the youth shouted at the counter.

"Ling'er, a guest has arrived!"

Ling'er, who was calculating behind the counter, looked up when she heard this.

The counter was too big and her body was petite. She had been bending her head and fiddling with the abacus. At this moment, as she raised her head, it seemed quite sudden. Upon noticing the ancestor, Ling'er's eyes brightened, and she warmly called out.



"Esteemed guest, what do you want to buy? The white pills we have here are famous in the entire Bitter Life Mountain Range. One spirit coin per pill. If you buy more, you can even get a discount."

The Wind Guard Race's ancestor frowned slightly. He coldly looked at the youth hugging the sword and then at the girl. Over the years, not many people could be so calm in front of him.

The reactions of these people here were a little different from what he had imagined. Fortunately, not everyone was the same. Not far away, a small cultivator was trembling and looking at him in fear.

In his opinion, this performance was normal.

Immediately after, the ancestor's gaze landed on the two people wiping the ground in the apothecary.

One was a fatty and the other was an old man. The two of them were very busy wiping the floor. The fatty even turned his head and shouted at him.

"The place was just wiped, and it's still wet. Don't step on it!"

The ancestor's gaze turned cold. Most of the people who dared to speak to him like this were already dead. However, he didn't attack immediately. The fatty was an ant that he could casually crush. He could just crush it more thoroughly later.

After that, he turned his head and looked at the old man sitting in the distance who was petting a parrot. This old man looked like an ordinary mortal, seemingly on the verge of death.

After the ancestor confirmed carefully, he retracted his gaze.

In his opinion, no matter what these people had to rely on to put on such a posture when facing him and not take him seriously, this wasn't important. He placed his hands behind his back and calmly spoke.

"I won't buy the medicinal pills. How much are your lives worth? I'll buy them."

As he spoke, the aura of half a step into Nihility erupted from his body. He lifted his right foot and stomped on the ground.

In his perception, with this stomp, this place would instantly be razed to the ground and turned to ashes. These people in front of him would also complete the transformation from life to death in the blink of an eye and become bones.

He was especially going to turn that fatty to ashes.

However, at the next instant, the old man was stunned. He lowered his head and looked at the ground.

Nothing happened. Everything was normal. It was as though his aura had erupted and the might of his stomp was like a stone ox entering the sea. There were no traces or fluctuations.

Only the kettle on the stove at the side swayed and landed on the ground with a clang, spilling hot water all over the ground.

The fatty who was wiping the ground instantly became anxious and glared back.

"You old fellow, I just finished wiping there!!"

The ancestor was surprised and his expression changed slightly. He immediately spread out his divine consciousness and observed the floor carefully before looking at the kettle that had fallen.

He felt that something was amiss and his pupils contracted. He was very sure that there was nothing wrong with the eruption of his aura earlier and the power had been transmitted as well.

Logically speaking, not only would that kick turn this apothecary into ashes, but the entire earth city would also turn into ruins.

 But now, only a kettle had fallen.

Uneasiness and vigilance rose in the ancestor's heart. At this moment, he quickly turned his head and looked at the side room. A figure carrying firewood suddenly walked out.

This was a woman dressed as a maidservant. At that moment, her face was filled with anger and intense killing intent. She was like a volcano that was about to erupt completely, as though there was an irreconcilable feud between them.

"You old meatball, I only went out to get some firewood. You actually knocked over the water I just boiled! Do you know how difficult it is to boil water without using your cultivation!!"

As the maidservant roared angrily, her cultivation base erupted. The fluctuations of the perfected Spirit Repository that were close to the Nihility Realm caused the ancestor to instantly become even more solemn. He immediately reacted and knew why his kick earlier was ineffective.

At the same time, he also understood why these people's reactions were different from what he had imagined. All of this was because of this woman in front of him.

Moreover, the other party was clearly so powerful but she disguised herself as a servant girl. This made him even more surprised. Although many experts had strange habits, he had never seen such a strange hobby.

At that moment, he had already put away his initial arrogance and made himself as calm as possible. With a wave of his hand, he swept up the kettle and placed it back in its original position. After that, he calmly spoke.

"I'm here to seek justice for the loss of my race's holy item. Since Fellow Daoist is here, we can talk about it."

"I don't care if it's a holy item or not. It has nothing to do with me. Hurry up and boil the water for me, or I'll eat you!"

The maidservant sneered.

The ancestor frowned. He originally planned to be polite, but the other party was actually so rude. Did she really think he was afraid? Hence, he spread out his divine consciousness and carefully probed. After discovering that there was indeed no Nihility here, his gaze turned cold as he looked at the back room.

"Little thief, get the hell out here!"

As he spoke, the ancestor took a step forward and headed straight for the back room. He no longer planned to waste time here. With a sway, he arrived in front of the curtain of the back room where Xu Qing was with his divine consciousness.

He lifted his right hand and grabbed. The thin divider swayed elegantly. At the next instant, the ancestor's expression changed. He could sense that as the curtain swayed, a huge force suddenly counterattacked from within. Before he could react, it enveloped his entire body.

Amidst the rumbling, the ancestor's entire body trembled and he took a few steps back. His internal organs were churning violently. He suddenly turned his head to look at the maidservant and his eyes were filled with killing intent as he spoke coldly.

"You want to protect him?"

The maidservant rolled her eyes at him and spoke impatiently.

"If you can kill him, then do it. It's best if you kill the person hugging the sword at the entrance as well. I will even thank you."

As she spoke, the iron kettle on the stove made whistling sounds, indicating that the water had boiled.

The maidservant immediately went over and picked up the kettle. She then quickly walked toward the mortal old man who was petting the parrot. When she got close, her footsteps became light. This scene stunned the ancestor again.

He witnessed that the fellow Daoist with the same cultivation level as him seemed to have become a different person at this moment. The hostility on her face dissipated completely and an extremely obedient expression appeared as she brewed tea for the mortal old man.

This scene caused the ancestor's heart to skip a beat. While feeling weirded out, he quietly took out a jade pendant and focused on investigating the old man.

This jade pendant was also a treasure of their race. It could accurately determine all cultivation fluctuations below the Soul Accumulation realm. At this moment, the jade pendant's feedback was that everything was normal.

The ancestor was puzzled, but he instinctively felt that there was something wrong with this apothecary. As he hesitated, he gazed at the two people wiping the ground, then at the youth holding the sword and the muttering cultivator.

Finally, he glanced at the counter. No one behaved weirdly and everything was normal.

This gave him a very bizarre feeling.

The ancestor hesitated. At that moment, he suddenly saw that the mortal old man was no longer petting the parrot. Instead, he picked up his teacup and took a sip.

In his exposed left hand, there seemed to be a bead. Upon closer inspection, there was a frightened face in the bead. He recognized it. It was Master Black Pupil.

Although this person's cultivation wasn't high, seeing him sealed up in a bead, the ancestor's scalp turned numb and he slowly retreated.

He wanted to leave. He felt that this apothecary was becoming scary because he thought of another possibility.

Although this possibility was extremely slim, as he looked at everything in his surroundings at this moment, he felt that this impossible thing seemed… not that impossible.

This idea made his forehead sweat, his body uncontrollably shiver, and his heart race uncontrollably. His current reactions were similar to what he believed the people inside the store would show when they noticed him.

The tension made him feel an unprecedented sense of regret, realizing that he had been careless and impulsive. He shouldn't have walked into the small apothecary so impulsively.

'If my guess is correct, then how can this place be a small apothecary? This is a f*cking nine levels of hell!'

As the ancestor trembled, Ling'er sighed.

"Are you really not buying medicinal pills? Our medicinal pills are very good."

The ancestor fell silent. He took out his storage bag and placed it on the counter, replying in a deep voice.

"I'll buy it!"

Ling'er was happy. She put away the storage bag and handed a white pill over.

The patriarch silently took the tea, stepped back slowly, trying not to dirty the ground he had just walked on. He instinctively cast a brief look at the ordinary old man who was drinking tea.

The old man also lifted his head slightly and gazed at him.

The moment their gazes met, the ancestor's mind rumbled as though his mind had received a massive shock, causing him to shiver violently. The sweat on his body soaked his golden robe in the blink of an eye.

"Soul… Accumulation…"

The horror in the ancestor's heart transformed into a huge wave that bombarded and drowned his mind. Every inch of his body seemed to be screaming, telling him that it was dangerous.

These danger signals seemed to be independent as they tore at his flesh, blood, soul, and all his perceptions.

He felt regret, extreme regret, unprecedented regret. He felt that the greatest mistake in his life was to enter this ordinary small apothecary.

"How is this possible…"

The ancestor perspired profusely and involuntarily knelt down.

At the same time, the heir spoke softly.

"Come."































































At this moment, outside the apothecary, the wind continued to howl fiercely, emitting sharp sounds with a sense of horror. The entire earth city's atmosphere became more solemn and chilling amid the arrogant presence of thousands of members of the Wind Guard Race.

"That thief is probably kneeling in front of the ancestor and begging for mercy!"

"Humph, if begging for mercy worked, then the world would be completely peaceful."

"That thief stole our race's holy item. According to the ancestor's habit, this person will be skinned, made into a wind lantern, and his soul will be continuously burned within."

The members of the Wind Guard Race all sneered, especially the few white-robed men who had fought with Xu Qing. At that moment, all of them were filled with excitement and anticipation.

"The more arrogant that little thief was back then, the more miserable he will be today!"

"He snatched our holy item and escaped our pursuit. This person does have some ability but it's useless. In the face of absolute strength, he's destined to taste bitterness."

"If the ancestor uses him to make a lantern, I'll borrow it and display it in my cave abode for a while."

"There's also that parrot and the evil spirit!"

These few white-robed people who had fought with Xu Qing back then gathered together and chuckled as they discussed. Their eyes revealed anticipation as they occasionally looked at the apothecary.

Although it had been a long time since the ancestor entered, they weren't concerned at all. Even the four Spirit Repository elders thought so.

They looked at the apothecary that had its door closed and didn't sense any fluctuations from inside. This was normal. With the ancestor's cultivation, after he walked in, the people he saw wouldn't have the ability to fight back at all.

"I'm afraid that with just a glance, the hearts of the people inside have collapsed."



"I heard that the ancestor used to travel outside when he was young, and he liked to turn his opponents into little toys. I guess he has come up with new ideas inside."

"Interesting."

As the four Spirit Repository cultivators chatted and laughed with each other, the cultivators from other forces outside the earth city who were paying attention to this place also sighed with emotion. They knew that the Wind Guard Race's move this time was probably not as simple as destroying an apothecary.

"This earth city will become a death prison."

"In fact, according to the habits of this race, there might even be a wind that doesn't dissipate all year round here to tell the world how powerful and terrifying they are."

"However, don't you think that the time that the ancestor of the Wind Guard Race entered… is a little too long?"

Time slowly passed as the cultivators outside the earth city discussed in low voices and the Wind Guard Race in the earth city waited. Two hours later.

At this moment, some people already felt that something was amiss. Regardless of whether it was outside or inside the earth city, the number of times the cultivators here looked at the apothecary was increasing.

Even the four Spirit Repository cultivators from the Wind Guard felt that too much time had passed. They looked at each other and were about to approach when the door of the apothecary creaked and opened from the inside.

The instant it was opened, countless gazes instantly gathered over. These gazes were filled with anticipation, excitement, and concern. However, at the next instant, everyone's gazes froze.

In the entrance of the apothecary, the Wind Guard Race's ancestor had a respectful expression as he slowly retreated. As he retreated, he spoke.

"Sorry to disturb your rest."

"I was insensible and caused you trouble."

The ancestor nodded and bowed with unprecedented respect. After he crossed the door, he even cupped his fists and bowed to the apothecary.

"I'll get someone to send the remaining holy items over immediately. They're a set and aren't suitable to be separated. It's even more unsafe to leave them with me."

"If anyone has anything to do in the future, just pinch that jade pendant. No matter what I'm doing, I'll rush over immediately."

"I've really disturbed you this time."

"I'm very sorry!"

The ancestor's body trembled and he bowed again. After that, the door of the apothecary closed loudly.

The cold wind blew from all directions, landing on earth city and the streets. The surroundings were silent…

The members of the Wind Guard Race were all stunned and at a loss. As for the cultivators outside the city, their minds were also blank. They saw the politeness of the ancestor and the wind sent his words out for everyone to hear.

At that moment, everyone had the same feeling—that it was unreal. The words and actions of the old ancestor were beyond the expectations of all present. In their understanding, such an occurrence was considered impossible.

 However, it happened.

In the cold wind, the ancestor, who was standing outside the apothecary, felt that his body was still trembling. The coldness that filled his entire body fused with his previous palpitations, transforming into intense lingering fear.

He felt his body growing cold. Since reaching a certain level of cultivation, he had not experienced this kind of mundane chill for a long time. But now, the sensation was exceptionally intense.

He didn't dare to think too much about it, let alone stay. When he turned around slowly, the four Spirit Repository cultivators among his clansmen also looked at him in surprise.

"Ancestor…"

"Ancestor, what happened?"

The ancestor shook his head. His eyes were filled with uncontrollable fear as he spoke in a low voice.

"Don't ask, don't mention it. Let's leave quickly!"

The hearts of the four Spirit Repository cultivators trembled. They surrounded the ancestor and quickly left. Before they left this earth city, the white-robed man who had come into contact with Xu Qing was now endlessly confused and couldn't help but ask.

"Ancestor, that thief…"

Before he could finish speaking, the ancestor suddenly turned his head and waved his hand. With a boom, the white-robed man spat out a mouthful of blood and was sent flying far away. He landed on the ground and fainted.

"That's a Master. Let's see who dares to shout!"

The ancestor said angrily.

The surrounding clansmen of the Wind Guard Race all trembled. Amidst their bewilderment, the ancestor soared into the air and left. Very soon, thousands of figures from their race hurriedly left earth city and fused into the wind, rapidly returning.

This scene caused the various forces outside the city that were paying attention to this matter to unwillingly gasp. Shocking waves rose in their hearts and they couldn't help but look at the small apothecary again.

"What's going on!!"

"Did I see wrongly or am I hallucinating? Why do I feel that the Wind Guard Ancestor's body was trembling when he came out…"

"What did he experience? How come this ancestor of the Wind Guard Race, who entered with pride, emerged in such a state?"

"This apothecary… isn't right!!"

Gasps rang out outside the earth city. Countless looks were filled with fear as they retracted their gazes from the apothecary, not daring to look anymore.

What happened today made all of them feel incredulous.

The mystery brought about by this disbelief transformed into intense horror. Their curiosity about this apothecary also reached an extreme.

"What exactly… happened inside?"

Everyone was trembling in fear and didn't dare to stay any longer. They quickly left.

At that moment, everything in the apothecary was normal.

However, there were now more than ten storage bags. Ling'er was excitedly checking them. The others also surrounded her and checked curiously.

Nether Fairy mocked and continued to boil water.

Ning Yan sighed and wiped the places on the ground that had been stepped on again. He had been doing tidying work these few days and was already a clean freak. Whenever he saw a dirty spot, he felt uneasy and had to immediately grab a cloth to clean it for a sense of relief.

The heir chuckled and played with the two beads in his hand.

One of them was still Master Black Pupil, and the second one also had a face inside. It was none other than the Wind Guard Ancestor.

However, it was only a wisp of life soul.

Xu Qing hadn't appeared from the start to the end. He had been recuperating in the back room.

Chen Fanzhuo was extremely courteous at this moment. He carefully greeted everyone before leaving. However, before he left, Ling'er took out some treasures from those storage bags and gave them to Chen Fanzhuo.

Chen Fanzhuo was moved and thanked her repeatedly.

Just like that, time flowed by. The storage bags that Wind Guard Race Ancestor had given them in order to express his apology contained many good things. Regardless of whether it was spirit stones, medicinal pills, or magic artifacts, they were all extraordinary.

After they were distributed to everyone, the heir walked into the back room where Xu Qing was meditating.

Xu Qing lifted his head and hurriedly stood up to greet him.

The heir waved his hand and took out a pill bottle, tossing it to Xu Qing.

"These are the soul pills given by the little kid who just arrived. There are a total of ten of them. After you eat one, your injuries will not need so long to recover."

"The remaining nine pills are also very suitable for your recuperation."

Xu Qing silently took it. After opening it, he took a look. With his alchemy attainments, he immediately could tell that this pill wasn't ordinary. The medicinal effect was specially targeted at soul injuries.

This type of medicinal pill was extremely valuable and rarely seen.

Xu Qing didn't hesitate. He took out a pill and placed it in his mouth. As the medicinal pill melted, a heat wave directly erupted in his mouth. It didn't spread throughout his body but headed straight for his sea of consciousness.

At the next instant, his sea of consciousness rumbled as though a volcano had erupted and touched his soul. Waves of heat filled the air and his soul rapidly became clear. A moment later, not only did his injuries heal, but his soul also strengthened.

Xu Qing's expression changed. When he opened his eyes, the heir calmly spoke.

"Since you've recovered, the tempering shall continue."

"Xu Qing, the abilities in your body are chaotic. You haven't discovered and understood each of them at a deeper level at all. If you can achieve a deep comprehension of them, your combat strength will advance by leaps and bounds!"

The prince's gaze was deep as he spoke in a low voice.

"If we go with a step-by-step method, your growth will be too slow, so you have to force yourself to the extreme. Only between life and death will you know how much potential you have."

"This time, I won't bring you to the Red Moon Shrine. I'll give you ten days to fuse your Golden Crow Nascent Soul into this bead and fight with the little fellow inside."

As the heir spoke, he handed the bead that sealed Master Black Pupil to Xu Qing.

"You can only use the Golden Crow Nascent Soul, dig out its potential in life and death!"

"You have nine chances of death. After getting injured, you can use those soul pills, but only nine times."

"I promised the little fellow inside that I'll allow him to devour your Golden Crow Nascent Soul from the tenth time. Once he succeeds, I'll let him go."

"Therefore, you either comprehend the potential in your Golden Crow Nascent Soul and mold your trump card, or… you'll lose the Golden Crow Nascent Soul forever."

"Everything will depend on you."

The heir's gaze was deep. After saying that, he turned and left.

Xu Qing sat there silently and held the bead in his hand. His eyes gleamed. After a long time, he suddenly spoke.

"Golden Crow."

In an instant, a black light flashed above his head and the Golden Crow rushed out. As flames flowed, they emitted a holy feeling. Under Xu Qing's will, the Golden Crow's eyes revealed intelligence as it headed straight for the bead.































































In the back room of the apothecary, Xu Qing sat cross-legged in meditation. At this moment, his mind had already merged with his Golden Crow Nascent Soul.

Right now, he was the Golden Crow.

As he rushed into the bead, a strange space appeared in Xu Qing's perception.

The surroundings here were hazy, filled with mist that continuously rolled and echoed with bursts of thunder. Amidst the booming echoes from all directions, the mist in front suddenly dispersed, revealing a gigantic face rapidly approaching him.

In the blink of an eye, this face appeared in front of Xu Qing. It was none other than Master Black Pupil.

His face was deep red, with madness gleaming in his eyes. Ever since being sealed here, he endured torment day by day, living a life worse than death. He thought that this would be his fate, but unexpectedly, the terrifying Soul Accumulation informed him that he was told that he could escape if he consumed the Golden Crow in the tenth fight.

He could only choose to believe it. After seeing Xu Qing, he didn't hesitate at all. The cultivation base in his body erupted and a complete secret repository directly manifested, descending.

"Die quickly, hurry to the tenth time!"

Master Black Pupil let out a shout and opened his mouth to devour Xu Qing.

Xu Qing quickly retreated. As the Golden Crow's body flickered, it emitted endless heavenly fire. However, in front of a Spirit Repository cultivator with a complete secret repository, this heavenly fire was of no use.

In the blink of an eye, as Master Black Pupil exhaled, the flames emitted by the Golden Crow actually rolled back. The face formed by Master Black Pupil expanded endlessly and finally replaced this space.

With his forehead touching the sky and his chin leaning on the ground, the mouth in the middle opened, swallowing Xu Qing like a black hole.

From afar, the Golden Crow that Xu Qing had transformed into was like a mortal bird. It didn't have any strength to resist at all. As his vision darkened, waves of intense pain rang out from his soul.



The Golden Crow collapsed and Xu Qing's consciousness became blurry. He could vaguely hear lingering sounds echoing in his ears.

"There are still nine more times…"

In the apothecary in reality, Xu Qing, who was sitting cross-legged and meditating, suddenly opened his eyes. His breathing was hurried.

"Just an instant!"

Xu Qing's expression was ugly. His Golden Crow was still there and hadn't really been devoured. However, his soul injury that had just recovered had worsened.

Xu Qing took out a healing pill and swallowed it. He then closed his eyes and meditated. Two hours later, his injuries had fully recovered. He lowered his head and looked at the bead in his hand. He now had a more direct experience of the might of a Spirit Repository expert.

"I can't continue like this!"

"In that case, how should my Golden Crow transform to avoid the devouring of that large mouth?"

Xu Qing quietly pondered. A while later, he closed his eyes and sank his mind into the Golden Crow Nascent Soul, trying to understand his Golden Crow.

"The Golden Crow can refine all living beings and transform into the sun…"

"The former can't work now, but the latter…" The image of the sun he saw appeared in Xu Qing's mind.

"In Fenghai County's Morning Glow Province, that was the first time I saw the sun at close range. Although it's only a fragmented corpse…"

"After that, in the Moon Worship Region, I saw four artificial suns. Little Dumpling was the first, the eternal power was the second, the ring was the third, and the ancient sphere was the fourth."

Xu Qing fell silent. A long time later, a sharp glint flashed in his eyes.

"There's another one. It's the youth I saw on the murals on the dragon carriage when I was comprehending the Golden Crow."

"If I change the appearance of the Golden Crow and make it transform into a sun that is close to its source…"

Xu Qing fell into deep thought. Under this tremendous pressure, he had no choice but to carefully ponder over the method to use the Golden Crow.

The night passed.

The next morning, though the outside sky was dim, it was slightly better than the night. With the opening of the shop, Xu Qing also began his second attempt.

His Golden Crow body rushed toward the bead.

The instant Xu Qing appeared in that strange space, he quickly retreated.

The mist in front of him suddenly churned and the face of Master Black Pupil charged toward him.

 It rapidly enlarged like last time until it occupied the entire space. Its aura was monstrous and carried the power of extermination. It opened its mouth and swallowed Xu Qing.

However, this time, the instant he tried to devour Xu Qing, the Golden Crow that Xu Qing had transformed into let out a powerful cry before exploding into four pieces.

One of them distorted, forming the shape of a door frame. The illusionary spring inside rumbled up and down, forming flames that burned and transformed into the sun.

The second one moved in a circle and the gears inside spun rapidly.

The third piece of flesh gathered together and transformed into a meatball that burned as well.

These three suns were the three suns Xu Qing had seen on the shore of the Sacrificial Yin.

After they appeared, they headed straight for Master Black Pupil's mouth and self-destructed, releasing violent heat.

A rumbling sound spread in all directions and the face of Master Black Pupil finally paused for a moment. One could see that some parts of his face were about to burn but they returned to normal in the next instant.

However, no matter what, at this moment, Xu Qing finally dodged the situation where he was instantly devoured. As for the last piece of flesh, it squirmed as he rapidly retreated, forming the figure of a youth.

The youth had a jade-like face and wore an emperor's robe and crown. He emitted heavenly fire that formed a dragon carriage under him.

His momentum was extraordinary as he tried to make a move, but in the blink of an eye, the space collapsed with a thunderous roar. The surroundings rapidly compressed, as if the sky turned into an upper jaw and the earth into a lower jaw. At this moment, everything fell silent with a resounding darkness.

In the apothecary, Xu Qing abruptly opened his eyes and spat out a mouthful of blood.

"There are eight more times!"

Xu Qing's expression was gloomy. As he swallowed the medicinal pill, he recalled his previous failure.

"It's impossible for a third tribulation Nascent Soul cultivator to defeat the Spirit Repository. Even though the other party is restricted by being sealed in the bead, the huge difference between the two of them can't be crossed."

"However, the heir is right. I indeed haven't studied my nascent souls in detail. For example, after I transformed the Golden Crow into the sun, its might clearly increased by a lot."

Xu Qing took a deep breath. He could sense that his direction shouldn't be wrong.

"So, how do I dig deeper?"

"What exactly is the Golden Crow made of?"

"And, what's the essence of the emperor-level cultivation art?"

Xu Qing fell silent and his mind sank into the Golden Crow. Just as he was about to continue observing, Ling'er ran over excitedly and whispered.

"Brother Xu Qing, the day we release the pill is today."

When Xu Qing heard this, he opened his eyes. He had already forgotten about this matter. It was because of the heir's existence that his peaceful state had changed and his pace became much faster.

However, he had finished refining the pills a few days ago. Moreover, the effect was even better than he had imagined, reducing the curse even more.

Xu Qing nodded at Ling'er and took out the mirror. He then brought Ling'er into the Moon Rebel Hall.

At that moment, the Moon Rebel Hall was filled with voices.

After ten days of fermentation, the news that Master Pill Nine was going to release the curse-breaking pill had already spread throughout the entire Moon Rebel Hall. Moreover, Master Shengluo was also releasing his improved pill today. This completely ignited the emotions of everyone in the Moon Rebel Hall.

At that moment, tens of thousands of statues stood in the air above the Moon Rebel Hall, waiting for Xu Qing and Master Shengluo to arrive.

Their appearances were different but the light on their bodies was dense. From afar, they looked like gods and demons with majestic auras.

The sounds of discussion rose and fell, causing an uproar.

"I didn't expect it to be so lively today. I wonder how the two sides will end up."

"It's also because everyone's expectations for the curse-resolving pill and that so-called curse-breaking pill are too high. This is understandable. However, overall, I don't believe in Pill Nine."

Amidst the countless discussions, there were also some angry words from the supporters of both sides.

"Master Shengluo is highly respected, and many have benefited from his kindness. His alchemy skills are unparalleled. How can an upstart like Pill Nine shake his foundation?"

"Kindness? Stop talking nonsense. Every pill from Shengluo is extremely expensive. Back then, I spent the entire sect's resources for one!"

"Impudent! If you didn't have that medicinal pill, you would already be a skeleton now. How can you still spout nonsense here?"

"That's right. Master Shengluo is my benefactor. Whoever dares to deny him is my enemy!"

The voices were tumultuous, and the arguments were unceasing, but overall, nearly eighty percent were leaning toward Master Shengluo, and statements defending Pill Nine were drowned out by the sound waves.

However, among them were also two fervent followers of Master Pill Nine, their voices resonating loudly, and their presence formidable.

One of them was none other than Xu Qing's neighbor, the burly dude. He glared angrily at everyone and his voice was loud and clear.

"Master Shengluo may save a life, but he impoverishes people. We are already living difficult lives, struggling to survive, and now we have to endure such exploitation from our own kind!"

"Look at Master Pill Nine, compassionate and charitable. His curse-resolving pill only costs 100 drops of divine servant blood. Do you think he doesn't know the value of the curse-resolving pill?"

"He knows!"

"However, he couldn't bear to see us like this, so he offered the pill at such an almost giveaway price to relieve our pain!"

The burly neighbor's voice was filled with gratitude. As it echoed in all directions, a statue not far away let out a sharp cry.

"You bunch of fools, swindled by that Shengluo brat and losing everything, yet here you are still praising him. That Shengluo brat is swimming in wealth, you people are such filial children!"

The speaking statue had the appearance of a figure holding a precious vase, with a pitch-black complexion and a lean, six-eyed statue. All six of his eyes now revealed a mocking expression.

Especially the remark about being filial children infuriated those who heard it, and everyone around cast angry glares. His words were extremely malicious and sarcastic.

Seeing that everyone was glaring angrily and growling, Six Eyes seemed to be even more smug and continued to speak.

"Filial children, what are you talking about? Speak louder. Grandpa can't hear you. You brainless Little Nether."

His words caused everyone in the surroundings to glare even more intensely. Although they didn't know what Little Nether meant, it didn't sound good.

Hence, it caused an even greater rebuke.

Some of Master Pill Nine's followers and believers seemed to have found their backbone. They moved closer to the six-eyed statue and formed a small camp.

Even the burly neighbor looked at him with admiration in his eyes.

He knew the other party and knew that this person had only appeared frequently in the Master's temple during this period of time. However, he didn't expect the other party, who usually didn't say a word, to be so sharp and sinister.

Hence, the burly dude thought to himself that since this person was so like-minded, he had to make friends with him in the future.

At this moment, the entire Moon Rebel Hall suddenly trembled. The mountain trembled and all the temples rumbled. An astonishing pressure descended from the sky.

Everyone who was scolding and arguing stopped one after another and looked up.































































At this moment, in the Moon Rebel Hall, within the nine supreme temples, one temple radiated a resplendent light that illuminated the heavens.

A tall figure that looked like a god walked out, emitting supreme might.

This figure was ten thousand feet tall and its entire body was golden. It had three heads and six arms and each of its hands carried a different-colored mountain. There were also layers of halos stacked on its back. The light was like the sun, reflecting on its body and emitting a dazzling brilliance.

It was extraordinary.

His appearance shook the towering mountain, causing turbulence in all directions. Clouds and mist scattered, and an indescribable oppressive force spread like a mountainous tide, enveloping every corner of the Moon Rebel Hall.

Everyone who sensed it felt their hearts tremble. They lowered their heads and greeted the temple.

"Fourth Hall Master!"

The nine supreme temples in the sky of the Moon Rebel Hall were the highest existences in the Moon Rebel Hall.

While only five of the positions had been filled, with four still awaiting successors, each of these five individuals possessed significant authority within the Moon Rebel Hall and held a pivotal role in its affairs.

Over the years, the entire Moon Rebel Hall had grown under the leadership of the five deputy hall masters, participating in numerous clandestine conflicts against the Red Moon Shrine.

And their true identities were shrouded in mystery. In the past, their arrivals always heralded significant events. As they witnessed one of the deputy hall masters descending at this moment, a sense of suspicion rose in the hearts of all the deities present, waiting for the proclamation of a major event.

"Today, I come not with official tidings but in response to Master Shengluo's invitation. I am here to witness the release of his pill. Carry on as you were, everyone."



In the sky, the ten thousand-foot-long statue sat down cross-legged and calmly spoke. His voice was like a flood, vast and boundless. It transformed into lingering sounds that echoed in the minds of everyone present.

However, his words caused an even greater commotion among the statues. Those cultivators who supported Master Shengluo were instantly excited, and those who supported Pill Nine were shaken.

"Master Shengluo does indeed enjoy great renown and respect. Even the fourth hall master has personally come to witness the ceremony!"

"Don't you know how many people Master Shengluo has graced and saved over the years? Only Master Shengluo can invite the deputy hall master!"

A commotion rose in the Moon Rebel Hall again and all of the sounds were talking about Shengluo. As for Pill Nine supporters, most of them were silent. Even the burly neighbor and the six-eyed statue were a little shaken.

At this moment, on the mountain of the Moon Rebel Hall, a temple made of jade surrounded by countless statues slowly opened. Endless light shot out and the sound of bells echoed.

The bronze cauldron in front of the temple also surged with incense at this moment. As green smoke rose, a statue walked out of the gate.

This statue looked like an angry Vajra with auspicious clouds under its feet. There was an eye at its glabella which emitted a soul-stirring light. There was a pill furnace spinning above its head and the fragrance of medicinal herbs permeated the surroundings.

As it walked out, the statues that had been waiting in the surroundings looked over in unison. Their eyes revealed excitement and admiration.

"It's Master Shengluo! Master is still so punctual!"

"This is Master Shengluo. Self-discipline has always been his style, and strictness is his longstanding approach."

Amidst the respectful comments, Master Shengluo walked out of the temple and into the air. At this moment, countless gazes gathered on him. Countless greetings overlapped and transformed into rumbling sounds that shook the world.

"Greetings, Master!"

Countless statues lowered their heads and bowed. Master Shengluo, who was in the air, was the center of attention. His aura was like a rainbow.

Shengluo was satisfied. He looked around and nodded slightly.

"Fellow Daoists, sorry for the long wait."

As he spoke, he looked up at the fourth hall master and cupped his fists.

"Thank you, Fourth Hall Master, for coming to watch the release of this old man's medicinal pills."

In the sky, the fourth hall master smiled.

"I've been looking forward to Master's pills for a long time."

Shengluo smiled when he heard this and was about to speak again. However, at that moment, at the foot of the mountain in the Moon Rebel Hall, the gate of Xu Qing's small temple slowly opened. A statue with a gourd on its back walked out.

He was Xu Qing.

There was no gorgeous light or even exuberant incense. In fact, the moment he walked out, not many people noticed his figure.

 Only his followers, who were paying attention, saw Xu Qing immediately.

The instant they discovered Xu Qing's appearance, these followers were clearly excited and stepped forward one after another.

"Master Pill Nine!"

"Greetings, Master!"

The burly neighbor quickly approached with an excited expression and shouted.

"Master, you're finally here!"

Behind him, the six-eyed statue also rapidly approached. Its six large eyes seemed to be filled with tears and it didn't blink. Its expression was filled with excitement and its voice was even louder, spreading in all directions.

"Master Pill Nine, virtue reaching the heavens, alchemy spanning the seas, benefiting countless realms for countless generations!"

As the six-eyed statue spoke, the momentum suddenly became extraordinary, far surpassing that of others. This instinctively drew the attention of the surrounding followers, who began to echo the same words one after another.

The sound waves echoed in all directions. The surrounding Moon Rebel Hall cultivators who were paying attention to Master Shengluo also turned their heads.

"Is this that Pill Nine?"

"He looks ordinary and doesn't have any aura."

"I want to see what pill he is releasing today. If he's really just deliberately mystifying things, it means that there's a problem with the origins of those cheap curse-resolving pills of his from before!"

Under everyone's gaze, Xu Qing looked at the many statues in the surroundings. He was also a little surprised.

He had been focused on healing these few days and didn't come again. He didn't know that Shengluo had chosen to distribute medicinal pills on the same day as him.

However, Xu Qing didn't mind. At that moment, he lifted his head and looked at the deputy hall master in the sky. His expression was solemn as he cupped his fists and bowed.

The deputy hall master also looked at Xu Qing. He had all his attention on this alchemy master who had caused quite a commotion recently and was controversial. However, this was the first time he had seen him. Hence, he nodded and didn't speak.

Xu Qing retracted his gaze and glanced at the statues outside. He didn't plan to walk out of his temple courtyard. At that moment, he was still pondering about the Golden Crow.

Hence, he lifted his right hand and prepared to take out the pill he wanted to distribute and send them into the ball of light according to the usual method, allowing others to freely check them.

However, before Xu Qing could take it out, the followers of Master Shengluo in the sky laughed mockingly.

"Pill Nine, you really appeared? We thought you wouldn't dare to come anymore."

"Then you're wrong. As a Master, how can Pill Nine let go of this opportunity to use the sparkling fire to gain all the attention?"

"It's just that Master Shengluo has a lofty mind and doesn't care about fame and fortune, so he's unwilling to argue with this person. He actually chose to release the medicinal pill on the same day as Master Shengluo. The dirty thoughts in his heart can be seen by passersby."

These words contained malice and were extremely unpleasant to the ears.

Xu Qing lifted his head and glanced at the statues that spoke, memorizing their appearances.

Xu Qing's followers also glared at them angrily.

"What a bunch of nonsense!" At the same time that the burly neighbor roared, a sharp voice rang out from the side.

"Tell me, how many filthy spirit stones did you receive from Shengluo to spout such nonsense? If the price is right, count me in."

Both sides had heated discussions. Although Pill Nine had far fewer followers than Shengluo, just Six Eyes alone was able to match a thousand people. His eloquence and sharpness had the ability to shift the narrative with just a single sentence.

The scene of him fighting against the group caused the surrounding bystanders to be shocked and they engraved his appearance in their minds.

Seeing that it was turning into a mess, Xu Qing felt a little impatient. He wasn't willing to waste time arguing with others here. Hence, he turned and was about to leave to continue studying the Golden Crow.

However, at this moment, Master Shengluo, who was in the air, had a calm expression as he slowly spoke.

"Noisy!"

As soon as he spoke, the followers in the surroundings fell silent. As for Shengluo, his gaze also landed on Xu Qing, speaking calmly.

"Pill Nine, your Dao is wrong!"

Xu Qing stopped in his tracks and turned around, looking at Master Shengluo who was in the air.

"What do you mean?"

The surroundings fell silent. Everyone's gazes gathered on Xu Qing and Shengluo. It was the same for the fourth hall master in the sky. Under the focus of everyone, Master Shengluo shook his head.

"Someone gave me one of your pills. I was originally filled with joy when I appraised it but in the end, I was truly disappointed."

"You think you're smart. The medicinal pill uses white wind's flesh and blood as a catalyst, but in reality, you're taking advantage of the situation and making up the numbers. Do you know that someone did this 7,000 years ago? The harm is extremely great. All those who ate this pill died within a few years!"

"Pill Nine, you're up to no good!"

As soon as Master Shengluo spoke, it instantly attracted countless gasps. This was especially so for those cultivators who had taken Xu Qing's pills. Their expressions changed drastically and their hearts trembled.

Xu Qing stared at Shengluo. He then turned his head and waved at the burly neighbor not far away.

The burly neighbor also hesitated inwardly, but he automatically rushed over.

"What happened during these few days?" Xu Qing asked.

The burly neighbor suppressed the worry in his heart and told him the information in detail. When Xu Qing heard this, his gaze turned cold and Ling'er's angry voice rang out in his mind.

"Brother Xu Qing, we were the ones who set the time first. They're going too far. Moreover, they're slandering us as soon as they open their mouths. They even said that we have malicious intentions. I think he's the one with ulterior motives!"

Xu Qing was expressionless but his gaze was even colder. He gave up on his plan to leave and walked out of the temple, walking into the air.

Although his followers in the surroundings hesitated, they still crowded over. The burly neighbor guarded on Xu Qing's left and the Six Eyes quickly flew toward the right, snatching the position of the protect and even revealing a groveling smile at Xu Qing.

Xu Qing stopped in his tracks. After looking left and right, he focused on Six Eyes on his right.

He was a little familiar with the other party's gaze. He remembered that the captain had the same gaze when he looked at the heir.

Xu Qing felt strange. Ling'er's voice echoed in his mind.

"Brother Xu Qing, this person's gaze is a little familiar. He looks like Senior Brother Erniu."

Xu Qing didn't speak. He pretended not to acknowledge him and continued walking. He walked all the way to the air and stood in front of Master Shengluo. He looked at him and calmly spoke.

"Compete?"































































In the Moon Rebel Hall, there were tens of thousands of deity statues. When Xu Qing stepped forward, although he didn't emanate any additional momentum, his spoken words seemed to stir up a storm, roaring in all directions.

The surrounding statues immediately paid attention.

Master Shengluo glanced at Xu Qing and calmly spoke.

"Forget about competing. This old man will teach you a lesson. I hope that after you experience what happened today, you can calm down and not delve into heretical methods!"

Ignoring Xu Qing, Master Sheng Luo raised his right hand. The pill furnace atop his head descended into his palm. With a wave, a pill shot out from the furnace, hovering in mid-air.

This pill resembled a crystal, rotating in mid-air on its own. It emitted strands of luminous ribbons, continually swirling around it, showcasing an exquisite beauty. The especially translucent outer layer made the pill look like a precious gem.

Faintly, one could discern the swirling medicinal mist within, as if it contained an immortal land.

With Xu Qing's profound knowledge of alchemy, at this moment, even with just a glance, he sensed the extraordinary nature of this pill. Simultaneously, he gained insights into Master Shengluo's prowess in the Dao of alchemy.

'Indeed a great talent.' As Xu Qing muttered inwardly, the surrounding people also exclaimed when they saw this pill.

"How is this still a medicinal pill? This is clearly a pill treasure!"

"I didn't expect Master Shengluo's alchemy attainments to take another step forward and reach such a level!"

More and more cries of surprise rang out. Just from the appearance of this medicinal pill, anyone could sense how astonishing it was. A follower beside Shengluo walked out at this moment and spoke loudly with eyes filled with admiration.

"Dear fellow cultivators, I'm sure you all know that when it comes to top-grade pills, everything revolves around perfection. The more refined, the more precious. When it reaches the pinnacle, it is said that the Wanggu's Heavenly Dao will bestow divine radiance. And behold, Master Shengluo's pill has already stirred divine radiance!"

As soon as he finished speaking, the exclamations and uproars in the surroundings grew even louder. The gazes that looked at the pill contained desire. In an instant, praises rose from everywhere.



Even Xu Qing's followers felt less confident at this moment. All of them looked at each other. They were originally filled with confidence in Master Pill Nine but after Shengluo spoke about the consumers of the pill dying suddenly after a few years, their hearts wavered.

And after seeing this pill that was close to a pill treasure, no matter how confident they were in Pill Nine, they couldn't help but hesitate.

The fourth hall master in the sky was also moved and nodded.

"It's indeed a pill treasure. Master Shengluo, can this pill be mass-produced?"

In the face of the praises from the crowd and the fourth hall master, Shengluo smiled and bowed respectfully to the fourth hall master.

"Fourth Hall Master, this pill can naturally be mass-produced."

"Good!" The fourth hall master smiled.

Master Shengluo was satisfied. He turned his head and looked at the expressionless Xu Qing as he calmly spoke.

"This is the first lesson I am teaching you. Remember, as alchemists, studying the Dao of alchemy is what we persist in. Put away your little tricks and your improper heart. Otherwise, with a darkened heart, your alchemy will never see the light of divine radiance!"

Master Shengluo's words carried a reprimanding tone. Those around looked at Xu Qing with various expressions—some shook their heads, some looked disdainful, some sighed with emotion, and some were angry.

Xu Qing didn't say anything. He only took out his curse-breaking pill and waved his hand to make it float in the air.

This pill looked pitch-black and there was nothing unique about it. Someone among the crowd couldn't help but laugh.

"Is this a mud ball or a medicinal pill?"

"That's it?"

Just as the sounds of ridicule rang out, Xu Qing performed a series of hand seals and pointed. Immediately, cracking sounds rang out from the pill and it actually shattered.

In the next instant, as layer after layer of the outer dark fragments separated, an endless divine radiance erupted from within like a surging tide, spreading in all directions.

The boundless light was like the descent of dawn, opening up hope for the world.

Every beam of light inside was like a rainbow, gorgeous and varied.

It illuminated the sky, causing the sky to be filled with peace. It scattered onto the ground, turning the mountain into an auspicious sign.

From afar, it was as though a sea of light had formed with the pill as the center. It continued to spread in all directions and finally transformed into resplendence.

All of a sudden, all the cultivators in the Moon Rebel Hall who were paying attention were in a daze. As for the two medicinal pills in the air, anyone with eyes could see the huge difference between them.

 Xu Qing's medicinal pill shone extremely radiantly. As for Master Shengluo's pill, it originally shone a little but now that its light was drowned out, it looked ordinary. If one didn't take a closer look, it would probably lose the meaning of its existence.

Only after a long time did the sounds of inhaling reverberate. After that, there were more and more of them, rising and falling one after another. Finally, numerous involuntary cries of surprise erupted from the crowd.

"The Heavenly Dao bestows endless light?"

"Such brilliance… Isn't this the supreme pill that Master Shengluo mentioned in the past?!"

"There's actually such a pill? I clearly remember that only pills that contain fortune and the hope of all living beings can be given such brilliance by the recognition of the Heavenly Dao!"

Amidst everyone's exclamations and disbelief, Master Shengluo was stunned. He stared at Xu Qing's medicinal pill in a daze and disbelief appeared in his eyes. He opened his mouth and wanted to say something, but he couldn't say anything.

At the same time, the ten thousand-foot-tall statue of the fourth hall master suddenly stood up and stared fixedly at the medicinal pill below. His expression was moved until his chest heaved.

"Master Pill Nine, this pill… is the curse-breaking pill?"

This was the first time he spoke to Xu Qing and also the first time he added the word 'Master'. When he said it, the meaning was different.

Xu Qing nodded.

The most excited people here were Xu Qing's followers. Regardless of whether it was the burly neighbor, Six Eyes, or the others, their hearts were extremely moved.

Their previously shaken hearts and hesitant thoughts were completely replaced by determination and excitement at this moment.

This was especially so for Six Eyes. At this moment, he was shouting with all his might.

"Master Pill Nine, virtue reaching the heavens, alchemy spanning the seas, benefiting countless realms for countless generations!"

As these words rang out, the excitement in the hearts of Xu Qing's followers in the surroundings surged. All of them were cheering.

Seeing this, the few followers beside Master Shengluo spoke with little confidence.

"Although the surface layer of the medicinal pill is important, it's still something to be eaten after all. Hence, the medicinal effects are the most important!"

"That's right. The effect of Master Shengluo's curse-resolving pill is twice that of the original curse-resolving pill and the side effects are extremely low. This pill is a good pill that can alleviate the pain of the curse!"

Their words echoed. At this moment, Master Shengluo also took a deep breath and suppressed the shock in his heart. He looked at Xu Qing with a complicated expression. His gaze was unprecedentedly solemn as he spoke in a low voice.

"If you eat one of this old man's curse-resolving pills, it can delay the pain of the curse by at least 60 years!"

After saying that, he looked at Xu Qing as though he was facing a great enemy.

When everyone from the Moon Rebel Hall heard this, they also woke up from the shock given by Xu Qing's medicinal pill. After all, medicinal pills were meant to be eaten, so their effects were the main point. Now that they heard the effect, their eyes revealed a peculiar glint.

Xu Qing didn't care about Shengluo's gaze. He looked at his curse-breaking pill and calmly spoke.

"Permanently reduce the curse by 10%."

Xu Qing's voice wasn't loud but it was like a thunderclap that rumbled in the hearts of everyone in the entire Moon Rebel Hall.

In an instant, the Moon Rebel Hall fell silent.

Everyone's hearts were in extreme turmoil. Even though they had some guesses about this curse-breaking pill previously, after hearing Xu Qing's words, they still felt that it was inconceivable. They felt that they had heard wrong.

When Master Shengluo heard this, his eyes narrowed as he abruptly looked at Xu Qing's medicinal pill. At this moment, huge waves surged in his heart. However, after many years of understanding, his mind rapidly made judgments. After that, he spoke in a deep voice.

"Impossible!"

"Unless it contains a huge side effect that causes one to die in a few days after taking it!"

Xu Qing looked at Shengluo and calmly spoke.

"There are no side effects."

Everyone was shocked again. Shengluo's body swayed but his eyes were still filled with intense doubt as he stared fixedly at Xu Qing.

"Nonsense. Are you the Red Moon's divine son? Even the divine son can't do this, so are you a god? Ridiculous!"

"You'll know after giving it a try." Xu Qing's expression was calm from the start. After he spoke, he looked at the surrounding people.

"Which one of you will try it?"

Everyone hesitated, but Master Shengluo sneered.

"Consuming it poses immense risks!"

As soon as he spoke, everyone became even more hesitant. Even the burly neighbor didn't dare to rashly walk out. However, at this moment, a sharp voice echoed in all directions.

"Let me do it!"

Everyone looked over in unison and saw a statue with six eyes walking out of the crowd proudly. He arrived in front of Xu Qing and bowed respectfully before speaking loudly.

"Your hesitation towards Master's pill is clearly a lack of faith, but I am different. I firmly believe in Master. I will be the one to consume this pill!"

Xu Qing felt a sense of strangeness in his heart, glanced at the captain, and remained silent.

At that moment, everyone's gazes gathered on the captain. Immediately after, the burly dude from the neighbor rushed out and spoke loudly.

"Master, I'm willing to test the pill!!"

"Back then, I listened to your supreme Dao voice for two months. This is fate. After that, I was the first to buy your medicinal pill and consume it. Every time, I was the first. This time is no exception!"

"Master, please fulfill my wish!"

The burly neighbor's eyes gleamed as he looked at Xu Qing with a sincere expression. He really trusted him.

Six Eyes was a little dissatisfied.

Xu Qing fell silent and waved his hand. Immediately, the medicinal pill headed straight for the burly dude. He didn't give them to the captain because the captain had too many random things on him. Xu Qing was worried that there would be a bad reaction.

The burly neighbor caught the pill and took a deep breath. His eyes were filled with determination. Finally, under the attention of everyone, including Master Shengluo and the fourth hall master, he placed the pill to his mouth and swallowed it in one gulp.

At the next moment, the fourth hall master raised his hand and grabbed at the air. Immediately, the burly neighbor's body flew out and was enveloped by the fourth hall master's power. Not only was it augmenting him, but it also allowed everyone's perception to be clearer.

The burly dude's body first trembled and sweat broke out on his forehead. He had a agonized expression on his face. However, in an instant, his entire body shone with a dazzling light and waves of black liquid seeped out of the statue.

This liquid emitted a rotting stench that permeated the surroundings. The burly dude's body suddenly quivered and his eyes opened, revealing disbelief and shock as he mumbled.

"My curse… has been decreased by 10%!"

As his words echoed, a thunderous roar reverberated in the ears of the Moon Rebel Hall's crowd. Each person trembled, their eyes revealing a hint of madness. However, skepticism still lingered as they looked towards the fourth hall master.

The fourth chamber master closed his eyes. While everyone was nervously waiting, the fourth hall master opened his eyes and walked down from the sky step by step until he arrived in front of Xu Qing. His gaze was deep as he stared at Xu Qing.

A moment later, the fourth chamber master cupped his fists and bowed to Xu Qing with his noble status.

"Master is virtuous and benevolent. Your merit is immeasurable!"

As soon as these words were spoken, it was like lightning cutting through the world.

All the statues in the Moon Rebel Hall shook intensely. All the hesitation in their hearts disappeared at this instant. They were as fanatical as they had been doubtful earlier.

Endless expectation and excitement filled their hearts, transforming into countless cries that seethed in the Moon Rebel Hall.

At that moment, Xu Qing became the most radiant star here.































































As he listened to the cheers of the surrounding people, Master Shengluo stood in a daze.

"Can it really… reduce the curse?"

Shengluo mumbled as intense unwillingness rose in his heart. Even now, even though the fourth hall master had verified it, he still didn't believe it.

This was because since ancient times, no one had been able to do this.

As for him being able to modify the curse-resolving pill, this was already an extremely difficult thing. He had spent half of his life's effort and studied a large number of documents on curses and ancient books left to accomplish it.

The more he knew about the curse, the more he understood that if he wanted to permanently reduce it, only a miracle could do it!

Just as Shengluo's mind was churning and his eyes were faintly red, Xu Qing, who was standing not far away, glanced at him. He then lifted his right hand and waved it, sending a curse-breaking pill toward Shengluo.

Shengluo started and instinctively caught it before looking at Xu Qing.

The others also looked over one after another with different thoughts. This was especially so for Master Shengluo's followers. At that moment, they felt bitter in their hearts. They understood that there would probably be a lot of humiliation next.

However, Xu Qing didn't do it.

He calmly looked at Shengluo and spoke softly.

"Master Shengluo, both you and I are cultivators of the Dao of Alchemy, so we can better understand that within this Moon Worship Region, those of us who specialize in alchemy have dreams in our hearts."



"While others cultivate, we delve into curses. While others indulge in pleasures, we immerse ourselves in studying ancient texts. Because we want to break the curse, even if we can't, we still record our research for future generations. We place our hope in the generations to come."

"This is the mission of alchemy cultivators in the Moon Worship Region."

Xu Qing's gaze was clear. He understood Shengluo's heart and there was no mockery in his words.

Shengluo's body trembled as he looked at Xu Qing. He wanted to say something but couldn't say anything.

His emotions had fluctuated many times today. At first, it was arrogance, then shock, and then intense doubt and unwillingness. However, now… all these emotions fused together and transformed into dense complexity.

This was because Xu Qing's words spoke his thoughts.

He did indeed appreciate fame and fortune, but behind this appreciation, he also harbored his own dreams.

"Master Shengluo, I offer you this pill. The path to dispelling curses is challenging to traverse alone. Let us work hard together…"

Xu Qing cupped his fists and bowed.

Shengluo could sense Xu Qing's sincerity. This sincerity caused him to have mixed feelings. His emotions surged and he felt ashamed. His followers were all moved and all of them had mixed feelings.

The fourth hall master also took a few more glances at Xu Qing and his expression revealed respect. He could naturally tell that this Master Pill Nine's words weren't fake. He genuinely held such sentiments.

Meanwhile, Shengluo took a deep breath. At this moment, he solemnly walked a few steps forward, gazing at Xu Qing, and bowed deeply, clasping his fists.

"Master Pill Nine, this old man… Sigh."

Shengluo shook his head and bowed again.

Xu Qing nodded and didn't say anything else. He then turned and walked toward his temple.

He wasn't particularly fond of such overly enthusiastic situations. If it weren't for Shengluo deliberately causing trouble earlier, he wouldn't have been so conspicuous. In the blink of an eye, Xu Qing returned to the temple.

He took out ten curse-breaking pills and placed them in the light clusters in the temple. Before he left, he fulfilled his promise and gave each of his followers a curse-breaking pill.

His departure didn't reduce the excitement in the hearts of everyone from the Moon Rebel Hall. In the entire history of the Moon Worship Region, there had never been a reduction in the curse.

The conversation between Pill Nine and Master Shengluo was even more memorable.

Hence, very soon, everyone from the Moon Rebel Hall walked into Xu Qing's temple with respect in their hearts. They checked the price of the curse-breaking pill. This price… caused the respect in everyone's hearts to intensify.

It wasn't much different from the selling price of the curse-resolving pill from before. All he was asking for was some herbs and information.

"This is a true master…" It was unknown who sighed after seeing the price, but it echoed in the hearts of all the cultivators from the Moon Rebel Hall.

From this moment on, the name of Pill Nine became deeply ingrained in the hearts of the people in the Moon Rebel Hall.

 One could imagine that as Xu Qing continued to take out medicinal pills in the future and the number of people who ate his medicinal pills increased, his name would be engraved into their souls.

Xu Qing had predicted this but he didn't pay much attention to it. After returning to the apothecary, he placed his focus on his study of the Golden Crow.

He had been wondering what the essence of an emperor-level cultivation art was and how he could dig out more potential of the Golden Crow.

Although the clues seemed elusive, and the process was not entirely smooth, Xu Qing could sense that, with his research and the transformation of the Golden Crow, the duration he could persist inside the bead had noticeably increased.

From the instant he died at the start to the seventh time, he could already last for more than six breaths.

"But… there are only two attempts left."

Several days later, in the early morning, Xu Qing, who was sitting cross-legged in the apothecary, opened his eyes. Blood trickled from the corners of his mouth. After taking out a pill and swallowing it, an uncontrollable sense of restlessness surged within him.

This emotion was uncommon for him. Failures were nothing new, but if the subsequent two attempts still didn't meet his satisfaction, on the tenth attempt, he would lose the Golden Crow.

He could sense that the malice and greed of Master Black Pupil in the bead towards him were becoming increasingly intense.

"If it really doesn't work, I have to stop at the ninth time." Xu Qing took a deep breath and stood up to walk out of the back room to the main hall of the apothecary.

He wanted to relax.

As soon as he walked out, Xu Qing saw Ling'er there, tallying accounts. It seemed that, for Ling'er, there were endless accounts to settle. Xu Qing had noticed this before and found that much of Ling'er's joy came from the repeated calculation of accounts.

Ning Yan was wiping the ground, Li Youfei was organizing the pills, and the captain was guarding. As for Wu Jianwu, he was standing beside the heir and reciting a poem to him.

"Elder opens his eyes, the world brightens. The ladies guard, none shall be arrogant!"

The heir was drinking tea. When he heard this, he glanced at Wu Jianwu and smiled.

Wu Jianwu quickly bowed and grinned, his face full of flattery. Then, he glanced sideways at the captain and Nether Fairy burning the water, a hint of arrogance in his eyes.

During this period of time, he finally found a way to curry favor with the old man. That was to recite poetry to the old man every morning. Day after day, with his hard work, he felt that the effect was remarkable.

After saying that, he hurriedly ran to the door and continued to recite poetry outside.

Xu Qing was already used to the daily life of the apothecary. After nodding at Ling'er, he sat beside the heir.

"Do you have any clues?" The heir looked at Xu Qing. The parrot on his shoulder also looked at Xu Qing proudly.

Xu Qing shook his head.

"Senior, what exactly is an emperor-level cultivation art?"

Xu Qing asked. This was the first time he had asked the heir in these few days.

The heir didn't say anything. His gaze moved away from Xu Qing and landed on Chen Erniu. Xu Qing also looked over.

The captain cradled his sword, ignoring the gazes of Xu Qing and the heir. He glanced at Wu Jianwu outside, thinking that the latter was such a filial son. He couldn't be bothered to argue with him about his behavior. Instead, he focused on the Nether Fairy and scolded her.

"Burning water every day, but you still haven't gained any experience. Why so slow? Use your mouth to blow on it!"

Nether Fairy's body trembled. Her tolerance for Chen Erniu had reached the extreme.

She wanted to explode, but because of the heir, she could only grit her teeth.

Her mind kept fantasizing about how to cut that damn Chen Erniu into pieces.

'One day, I'll tear him in half. Half will be used as firewood to boil water, and the other half will be rolled into meatballs. Then, I'll chew on them viciously!'

'While biting, make this wretch scream. Once the water boils, cook it a bit, and I'll go drink the soup.'

This was what Nether Fairy thought every day. Every time she thought this way, she would feel extremely comfortable. At this moment, as she continued to fantasize, the captain snorted coldly.

"Why are you trembling? You only know how to tremble every day. Can't you see that the water is boiling? Hurry up and make tea for the elder!"

"You flaunt that big butt of yours every day, like a peach, tempting who? Aren't you annoying enough? You eat the most every day!"

As soon as the captain finished speaking, Nether Fairy suddenly stood up. Her cultivation base was about to erupt. When her eyes turned red, Ning Yan brushed past her, speaking impatiently.

"Move aside!"

Nether Fairy's body trembled again, but in the end, she had no choice but to endure it again. She carried the kettle and walked toward the heir. After making tea for him, she stood at the side angrily.

"Xu Qing." The heir pushed the hot tea in front of him to Xu Qing and tapped his finger on it.

"Tell me, what is water? Why does it become hot? And what about tea? Why does its color change and its taste differ when soaked in water?"

Xu Qing's gaze froze as he looked at the teacup in front of him.

"That's because…"

"That's not important." The heir interrupted. His gaze was deep as he lifted his right hand and placed it in front of the little seedling on the table.

As the little seedling swayed, it obediently dropped a leaf. After the heir caught it, he placed it in Xu Qing's teacup.

That small leaf floated in the tea and swayed slightly.

"Do you understand?"

Xu Qing fell silent and closed his eyes to think. Ning Yan, who was wiping the ground, also paused. He was also thinking. He felt that the guidance of the Soul Accumulation was extremely rare, so he wasn't willing to let it go.

The captain was the same. A look of contemplation appeared in his eyes, and it was even more so for Li Youfei.

A long time later, Xu Qing's body suddenly trembled. He opened his eyes and looked at the leaf in the teacup. A strange glint appeared in his eyes as he suddenly remained up.

"Senior, I understand!"

Xu Qing cupped his fists and bowed. His breathing was slightly hurried. He knew what his problem was and also understood the answer. At that moment, he turned and headed straight for the back room.

The heir smiled and nodded slightly. He felt that Xu Qing's comprehension ability wasn't bad and he understood his guidance.

When the captain saw this scene, he also let out a long breath, as though he understood it as well. Ning Yan blinked and also revealed a dazed expression of understanding.

Only the parrot on the heir's shoulder was stunned at this moment. It looked at the tea and then swept its stare across the leaf on it. Finally, it looked at everyone and its eyes revealed confusion as it spoke in a low voice.

"Grandpa, what did he understand? What did you say to him? Why don't I understand…"

The heir picked up the teacup and took a sip before speaking calmly.

"I'm telling him to learn coexistence. Like tea and water blending together, it's also good. Just like a young seedling shedding leaves, it's a form of both letting go and accepting."

The parrot understood, Ning Yan nodded, and the captain took it to heart.

However, in the back room, Xu Qing, who was sitting cross-legged, was immersed in his thoughts. His eyes gleamed and his mind was rumbling with the answers he had comprehended as he mumbled.

"The blending of tea and water is a manifestation of the Great Dao returning to one, but all living beings can return to their true self. Everything has its origins, so the heir pointed out to me that they can actually be separated."

"For example, the leaves of the little seedling are like this. After falling, they are still a part of its origin… This is telling me that they are still one!"

"He was instructing me to delve into a deeper level of research, to magnify, to dissect the Golden Crow repeatedly. To split it each time, to peel it away, and to find the source of the Golden Crow!"

"I understand. This is the origin of the emperor-level cultivation art and also the essence!"

"My previous research was wrong. I shouldn't have gazed outward at the macroscopic changes. I should have looked inward, delving into the microscopic details!"

Xu Qing's expression changed. He raised his head and gazed in the direction of the main hall, the respect he had for the heir growing even more intense.

In the main hall, the heir, lifting the teacup with composure, hesitated in his actions after sensing Xu Qing's murmur. His expression noticeably stiffened for a moment.

"What did he comprehend?"































































Xu Qing took a deep breath and a strange glint appeared in his eyes. He then sat cross-legged in the center and immediately sank into his Golden Crow.

This time, he didn't pursue the transformations of the Golden Crow, nor did he think about the Golden Crow's origins or the sun in his memories. All of this was stripped from his thoughts.

In his perception, at that moment, everything in the surroundings and his body no longer existed. Only the blazing Golden Crow shone in his eyes.

The black body and splendid flames became his sole focus.

"If it's at the microscopic level, this flame is also an illusion. It's meaningless!"

As Xu Qing's thoughts rose, the flames on the Golden Crow instantly dimmed and were extinguished, no longer existing.

As the flames dissipated, Xu Qing's body trembled. Extinguishing the Golden Crow's flames was something he had never done before. At this moment, his entire body experienced a hidden pain—a manifestation of the Golden Crow being harmed, affecting the nascent soul.

If it was in the past, Xu Qing wouldn't have continued to try after this because he perceived the danger of his actions.

However, now that he had the heir's guidance, Xu Qing suppressed the discomfort in his body after pondering. He stared at the Golden Crow in front of him.

The Golden Crow trembled unsteadily and also looked at Xu Qing.

As Xu Qing looked on, he furrowed his brow. He felt that the Golden Crow in this form was somewhat redundant.

With a thought, the Golden Crow's body shook and all its feathers disappeared, leaving only the bare body.

The backlash from this action was clearly greater.

Xu Qing's breathing was hurried but he forcefully endured it. His intuition told him that he was heading in the right direction this time. He gritted his teeth fiercely and made up his mind.



At the next instant, the Golden Crow rumbled and exploded in front of Xu Qing, transforming into countless illusory pieces of flesh that scattered in all directions. Xu Qing spat out a mouthful of blood but his divine consciousness focused like never before and enveloped those lumps of flesh.

In his perception, this flesh was formed by various colored threads intertwining, resembling a tangled mess that wrapped around each other, creating all the appearances.

Every thread contained some spiritual fluctuations. Xu Qing could sense his nascent soul, the fire of the Heavenly Fire Sea, and the souls of hundreds and thousands of living beings.

This was all devoured and accumulated by the Golden Crow from its birth till now.

"This is tea!"

Xu Qing mumbled.

"Next, I have to separate all the substances inside!"

Xu Qing's will moved and the flesh rapidly decreased. Threads were peeled off and thrown to the side. The Golden Crow's wails also echoed.

Xu Qing spat out several mouthfuls of blood but his gaze was persistent. He gritted his teeth and continued.

As time passed, it was as though he had become possessed and forgot everything in the external world. There was only the shrinking Golden Crow in his eyes. Several days later, the threads that formed the Golden Crow had decreased by more than 90%.

There were only three of them left.

One was black, one was red, and one was purple!

"The tea is about to completely separate!"

Xu Qing's heart stirred. He could sense that purple was his nascent soul and red represented fire. As for black, it was the Golden Crow's life essence, which was also the essence of the emperor-level cultivation art.

"The heir guided me that even though the leaf has separated, its origin is the same and it's still one. So, no matter how I peel it off, it can actually be recovered."

While the heir had provided guidance, Xu Qing also perceived it clearly in the process of separation. He felt that the threads he had stripped didn't disappear; they were still there.

Due to the inextricable connection with him, he could restore them with a thought.

This further proved the authenticity of the heir's guidance.

"Then, I'll peel off the fire first!"

Xu Qing gritted his teeth and gathered his divine consciousness, extracting the red thread bit by bit. The pain this process brought Xu Qing was extremely great, and he was shivering in pain.

However, Xu Qing didn't give up and continued.

 Several days passed. He, who was still immersed in his cultivation, didn't know that during these seven to eight days, the apothecary had already changed quite a bit as he cultivated.

The back room he was in was filled with extremely violent energy fluctuations that transformed into invisible threads that kept waving in all directions. Wherever they passed, a series of explosions would ring out.

His body was covered in blood!

His clothes were already burnt, and the Golden Crow tattoo on his body was howling. Every stroke of the tattoo was bleeding.

This wasn't much. In the past few days, his aura had become even more exaggerated. Sometimes, it would suddenly erupt with terrifying energy, and sometimes, it would instantly lose its vitality.

Vaguely, there seemed to be an astonishing power awakening in his body.

This power seemed to be disallowed by the Heavenly Dao and not tolerated by the Wanggu Continent.

Hence, outside the apothecary, in the sky above the Bitter Life Mountain Range, in the past seven to eight days, the sky turned dim with clouds everywhere and thunder rumbling throughout the world.

All the cultivators in the entire Bitter Life Mountain Range were shocked, not knowing what had happened. As for the lightning in the sky, it sounded like it was saying something that outsiders didn't understand.

There were almost no people who could understand.

However, the heir could understand it. It was also this understanding that caused him to be even more surprised by Xu Qing.

In the apothecary, Ling'er was nervous and apprehensive.

The captain was shocked.

Ning Yan was terrified and his heart palpitated.

Wu Jianwu was at a loss.

The heir arrived at the back room. He sat cross-legged in front of Xu Qing and stared fixedly.

His expression changed several times. He raised his right hand several times, seemingly wanting to interrupt Xu Qing's comprehension, but in the end, he restrained himself.

"This kid is comprehending a taboo that can't be spoken of in Wanggu!"

"I… I didn't say anything." The prince was a little hesitant. After carefully recalling, he sighed. This was the first time he felt that this kid in front of him was a little strange!

At that moment, thunder rumbled outside. When it landed in the prince's ears, it turned into the deterrence and intense warning of the Wanggu Heavenly Dao.

"Every emperor-level cultivation art actually contains the seal of the Wanggu Heavenly Dao…"

"But back then, I was clearly pointing to coexistence and giving up…"

The heir sighed and waved his hand to seal all of Xu Qing's aura, personally protecting him.

At that moment, Xu Qing was still immersed in his comprehension. Under his efforts and persistence, the red thread was finally completely extracted bit by bit.

At that moment, the appearance of the Golden Crow in front of him had completely disappeared, leaving only two threads entangled together, one black and one purple.

"Next is the purple."

Xu Qing didn't hesitate and immediately pulled his purple thread. The pain brought about by this process was like pulling out his tendons. Xu Qing felt his soul trembling.

However, his intuition was very strong. The answer appeared in front of him after he extracted his purple thread.

"Come out!"

Xu Qing's heart stirred as he went all out. After an unknown period of time, he completely extracted the purple thread. The instant the purple thread left, only the black thread was left of the Golden Crow in front of him!

As this thread shook, it emitted energy that Xu Qing felt was extremely terrifying.

"This is…" Xu Qing's soul trembled and his perception gathered, continuously magnifying this black thread in his eyes!

In the end, this black line was magnified to infinity. It was as though a world was reflected in Xu Qing's perception. Xu Qing's heart instantly rumbled. He saw it!

The black thread wasn't connected!

It was formed by countless black fragments that gathered densely together. Between each fragment was an arc of lightning.

These lightning bolts were like ropes that pierced through the endless black fragments, causing them to look like a black line after shrinking countless times.

The shapes of these fragments were irregular. If they were pieced together…

It was a black spear!

He only sensed it and a realization emerged in his mind.

"Taboo Weapon!"

This weapon could shatter the sky, destroy the ground, exterminate the Dao, and slaughter gods!

This scene subverted Xu Qing's thoughts and shook his soul. He had never expected that in the Golden Crow's origin, there was actually… a terrifying weapon that had shattered countless times!

"Is this the essence of an emperor-level cultivation art?"

"This is the Golden Crow's origin?"

"Then, is it true that every emperor-level cultivation art is like this? They all seal such a terrifying weapon!"

"Who sealed it? The Heavenly Dao?"

"Why is it sealed? These Taboo weapons… Who is the master?"

"Since that's the case, why let people cultivate emperor-level cultivation arts? Could it be that… the essence of the emperor-level cultivation arts is to let people gradually repair the Taboo weapons, until they finally control it completely?"

"How many more secrets is the Wanggu Continent hiding?!"

Xu Qing's body trembled violently and his consciousness suddenly rolled back. As he retracted his perception, the purple thread instantly returned to the Golden Crow, followed by the red fire thread and the other threads that he had stripped off one after another.

In the blink of an eye, the chaos reappeared. After drowning all the secrets, the Golden Crow's flesh and blood formed and transformed into the outline of the Golden Crow. Its feathers revived and flames erupted.

As the heatwave assaulted his face, Xu Qing instinctively leaned back. His eyes suddenly opened and he spat out several mouthfuls of blood.

His breathing was unprecedentedly hurried. The instant he opened his eyes, the first thing he saw was the heir who had emerged in front of him at some point in time!

Before Xu Qing could speak, the heir suddenly spoke.

"Don't say it, don't ask!"

Xu Qing's heart palpitated and his eyes flickered. After a long time, he calmed down and looked at his surroundings. He could sense the fluctuations here and also the rumbling sounds from the outside world.

Finally, he looked at the heir and nodded. He took out the bead of Master Black Pupil and handed it over.

"Senior, I don't need this anymore. I can't defeat Black Pupil and I don't want the Golden Crow to be devoured. Most importantly, I've already discovered the Golden Crow's Dao!"

"You indeed don't need it…" The heir silently took it and looked at Xu Qing with a complicated expression.

At that moment, he could clearly sense that the Golden Crow in Xu Qing's body had an additional sharpness that had not been there before. Vaguely, its form seemed to be changing, as though it was transforming into a spear.

This was Xu Qing's Golden Crow Nascent Soul trump card!

"Thank you for your guidance, Senior, for allowing me to comprehend the microscopic details!" Xu Qing took a deep breath and stood up with difficulty, bowing to the heir.

He was very grateful. If it wasn't for the heir's words at that time, he wouldn't have comprehended it so deeply.

The heir suddenly spoke.

"Did your master guide you like this in the past?"

"Yes." Xu Qing was surprised. He didn't know why the other party inquired that, so he nodded.

The heir fell silent. After a long time, he sighed.

"It's not easy for your master."































































The heir sighed and left the back room. He needed some time to get used to Xu Qing's unbelievable comprehension ability.

As Xu Qing woke up, the lightning dissipated from the dim world outside the Bitter Life Mountain Range. That sense of oppression also gradually vanished.

This matter caused quite a commotion in the Bitter Life Mountain Range and countless guesses rose. However, other than the people in the apothecary, no one knew that the reason for all of this was Xu Qing.

Xu Qing only learned about what happened during this period afterward. While a lingering fear rose in his heart, his admiration for the heir deepened even more.

"Just a sentence of guidance allowed me to comprehend these things. Soul Accumulation indeed deserves its name…"

Xu Qing sighed with emotion. In the following days, as he recovered from his injuries, he also went out many times to adapt to the Golden Crow's trump card.

Just like that, time flowed by and half a month passed.

On this afternoon, outside the apothecary's earth city, in a canyon, Xu Qing's figure appeared in the distance. After entering the canyon, he instinctively looked around to ensure there were no issues.

This canyon wasn't far from earth city.

These few days, Xu Qing often tested his Golden Crow's trump card. The location was different every time. This time, he chose this place.

The might of his Golden Crow's trump card was too astonishing. When unleashed, its momentum was overwhelming, but if not controlled properly, it would be like an untamed wild horse, bursting out uncontrollably and dimming the Golden Crow in the process.

There was even a time when the Golden Crow almost withered and collapsed.

Therefore, Xu Qing had to make subtle adjustments time and time again, attempting to confine the deployment of this killer move within a certain range, keeping its power within the limits that the Golden Crow could withstand.



"I've adjusted it dozens of times. This should be enough."

Xu Qing took a deep breath and took off his clothes, putting them away. He only left behind a pair of shorts.

Looking at his bare body, Xu Qing showed a helpless expression.

"It's like this every time. I have to think of a way to resolve it in the future…"

Xu Qing retracted his thoughts and closed his eyes to think for a moment. After confirming in his mind, his eyes suddenly opened, revealing a sharp glint. He lifted his right hand and performed a series of hand seals. Immediately, an astonishing aura erupted from his body.

The Golden Crow totemic tattoo appeared on his entire back, constantly moving and spreading across Xu Qing's upper body.

The Golden Crow in the tattoo had spirituality. As it spread out, waves of terrifying aura continued to rise.

This aura turned into a storm of flames, sweeping across all directions, causing the ground to instantly wither and become scorched, melting rocks, with its reach extending to 10,000 feet.

Within 10,000 feet, a sea of fire rose from the ground. Even the surrounding wind couldn't do anything to this sea of fire. It was as though the existence of these flames was independent of the laws of heaven and earth.

At the center of the sea of fire, Xu Qing, who was standing there, was trembling slightly. He was completely focused as he controlled the tattoo formed by his Golden Crow Nascent Soul to change its form.

This was the method he had mastered during this period. If the transformation occurred externally, the power became uncontrollable. However, if the changes happened within his own body, everything could be much better controlled.

Hence, under his control, the tattoo on his body moved faster and faster. In the end, it was almost impossible to see its form clearly. One could only vaguely see the shadow of a black spear rapidly forming.

Although it was still blurry and could only be roughly seen, the instant the shadow of the black spear appeared, an aura that was even more terrifying and astonishing than before towered into the sky from Xu Qing's body.

At this moment, Xu Qing did not employ any power except for the Golden Crow. Everything that manifested the terrifying intent was actually formed by the Golden Crow's Nascent Soul. The displayed horror surpassed the full force of Xu Qing's previous thirteen nascent souls.

It could be said that this spear strike was enough to frighten Dao Nurturing cultivators.

From this, it could be seen that the trump card of this Golden Crow Nascent Soul was extremely shocking.

However, this was only a trace of the taboo power in the Golden Crow that Xu Qing had leaked. Of course, this was also his limit at this moment. As his cultivation level increased and he continued to explore, he would definitely be able to release more in the future.

At the thought of this, Xu Qing abruptly pressed his right hand against his chest. That location was none other than the handle of the black spear.

He clenched his fist and grabbed!

Xu Qing directly grabbed a blurry black spear from the tattoo on his body.

The moment it appeared, the colors of the world changed, thunder roared, and with a resounding roar, Xu Qing paid no attention. As he swung his right hand, black spear shadows erupted like a world-destroying black dragon, sweeping in concentric circles around him.

The ground quaked and the mountain rocks collapsed. As the canyon trembled, the black spear soared into the sky.

 It looked like a spear but also like a Golden Crow. The flames in the surroundings rose from the ground and followed. There was also a second sharp edge at the tip of the spear.

That was the Emperor Sword!

The emperor sword that had been swallowed by the Golden Crow!

It was also contained in this trump card under Xu Qing's adjustments.

The sky rumbled, stirring up huge ring-shaped fluctuations that continuously erupted in all directions. As for Xu Qing, his breathing was hurried and he staggered slightly. However, he was in good spirits.

He checked and confirmed that the Golden Crow could withstand it and his losses could be accepted. Excitement appeared in his eyes and he was about to leave.

However, at this moment, a calm voice suddenly rang out from the sky.

"Not bad!"

Following the voice, the heir's figure appeared amidst the fluctuations in the sky that were blasted away by the black spear. He ignored everything and walked over.

As he got closer, all the fluctuations here dissipated. No one would notice the changes here.

"Senior!"

Xu Qing greeted respectfully.

Xu Qing was now sincerely convinced about the heir's guidance. Regardless of whether it was the unprecedented third tribulation at the start, the increase in his soul power after the life-and-death battle in the temple, or the essence of the Golden Crow Emperor cultivation art, all of this showed that the heir's training for him was extremely effective.

It could be said that in just a few months, Xu Qing already showed signs of being reborn. His combat strength was much stronger than before.

"I see that your injuries have mostly recovered. Now, let's proceed to the next step!"

The heir walked in front of Xu Qing and sized him up. His gaze was stern but he admired him inwardly. This kid in front of him was one of the few with the highest comprehension he had seen in his life.

Even he was very interested in forging such unpolished jade.

However, considering the issues caused by his previous words, the heir felt that he needed to be more cautious in his future speech. Yet, in his heart, he also harbored a perceive of pride after the shock.

"This kid's master must be extremely frustrated every time he gives guidance, but that's determined by his level. I'm different; only I can teach such a disciple. His master can't."

The heir looked at Xu Qing and calmly spoke.

"Xu Qing, you comprehended my guidance very well earlier, choosing not to give up or choose, which is commendable."

"What we cultivators need to do is to face difficulties head-on. What we need is this indomitable will. Only then can we cultivate a domineering aura and form an aura that dares to fight the world!"

"Now, your Golden Crow Nascent Soul already has a trump card. Next, you have to study your Poison Restriction Nascent Soul in detail!"

At this point, a strange glint appeared in Xu Qing's eyes. Actually, there was no need for the heir to ask for it. After tasting the sweetness of the Golden Crow, Xu Qing had been pondering over his other nascent souls during this period of time.

Unfortunately, every one of his nascent souls was an independent existence and were all different from the others. It was difficult for the Golden Crow's experience to be used on other nascent souls. This was also what Xu Qing was thinking about.

Hearing the heir's words, Xu Qing immediately spoke respectfully.

"Senior, please enlighten me!"

Xu Qing's eyes showed anticipation as he looked at the heir.

Looking at Xu Qing's gaze, the heir smiled.

"Xu Qing, I can perceive that your poison is a type of god's power."

Xu Qing nodded.

"This poison is astonishing and its potential is incomparably great. However, it shouldn't have existed in my era. It should have appeared during the time I was sealed, so I've never seen it before."

The heir's gaze was deep as he looked at Xu Qing.

"However, I've seen poisons that are even stronger than your Poison Restriction. It can even be said that I've seen the strongest poison in the Wanggu Continent!"

"Perhaps you've also seen it before."

The heir's words contained deep meaning.

When Xu Qing heard this, his body trembled and many thoughts appeared in his mind. However, it was still a little blurry. It was as though the answer was right in front of him but it was covered by fog and he couldn't catch it.

Sensing Xu Qing's thoughts, the heir felt proud and calmly spoke.

"Xu Qing, lift your head and look at the sky. Go and take a look at the god's fragmented-face hanging there eternally outside the dim sky!"

Xu Qing's mind instantly rumbled. He instinctively lifted his head and looked at the sky.

Although the sky in the Moon Worship Region was pitch-black and wasn't as clear as the other regions, one could still vaguely see the huge outline of the god's fragmented-face in the sky.

"Look at that fragmented-face. Why is it that every time It opens Its eyes, all living beings will wail and the place It looks at will become a forbidden zone? It's because Its gaze is poisonous!"

"Then, why didn't you imitate it?"

"Why did you only release your Poison Restriction simply? You even needed to borrow the wind and tricks. These are all the actions of humans, not gods!"

"With a human's thinking, it's naturally impossible for you to unleash the god's poison."

"You have to learn from It and fuse your poison into your gaze. If you can do it, even if it's just a trace, then the power of your Poison Restriction will undergo a tremendous sublimation like the Golden Crow!"

Xu Qing's breathing was hurried. The prince's words were too astonishing. It was equivalent to opening up his understanding. At that moment, it was like a bolt of lightning had streaked across his mind, tearing apart all the inherent thoughts.

"That's right. When the fragmented-face opens Its eyes, the anomalous substances in the area It looks at intensifies. This is the same as my poison… in essence!"

"If I can also…"

Xu Qing's heart raced. He felt his thoughts expanding continuously at this moment. After a long time, he looked at the heir with incomparable admiration in his eyes.

The other party's vision and the other party's mentality when looking at things determined his understanding.

This was something Xu Qing didn't have before. Even though his understanding had been opened by Old Master Seventh, he still hadn't reached such a height.

"Thank you, Senior!"

Xu Qing was moved. He bent down and bowed.

Looking at Xu Qing's expression and sensing Xu Qing's emotions, the heir smiled. The pride in his heart rose again and he thought to himself that this kid's master was only so-so. Only he could educate such an unpolished jade.

"Then, you should properly understand this point next. This place is quite suitable. Stay here and comprehend for three days. If you still can't do it, come back and look for me."

After the heir finished speaking, he set up a restriction here for three days. After that, he placed his hands behind his back and left leisurely.

Xu Qing stood on the spot and was silent for a long time. After he sat down cross-legged, he closed his eyes and fell into deep thought.

"How to let my gaze contain the power of the Poison Restriction…"

Xu Qing mumbled. The power of the Poison Restriction in his body erupted and gushed into his eyes.































































Xu Qing had encountered many difficulties in his life. Some were resolved and some couldn't be resolved.

However, in Xu Qing's memories, he was rarely stuck in cultivation, especially in terms of comprehension. Regardless of whether it was the Mountains and Seas Art back then or the series of cultivation arts after that.

He was able to cultivate every one of them smoothly.

Even when he comprehended the Ghost Emperor Mountain, it was the same. In fact, he didn't encounter much obstruction when he manifested it later. Also, although it was a little difficult for the Golden Crow earlier, the smoothness of his thought process allowed him to quickly comprehend it.

Of course, this had a lot to do with the guidance of others. However, fundamentally, it was Xu Qing's comprehension ability.

His comprehension had always been remarkable.

However, this time, he had no direction or clue.

How to turn the Poison Restriction into his gaze was easy to say but it was too illusory to really do it. Xu Qing kept trying in these three days but he was still unable to complete it.

He could fuse the Poison Restriction into his eyes. Because the Poison Restriction had fused with him, Xu Qing could ignore the damage of the Poison Restriction. Even if the time lengthened, the purple crystal could still recover him.

Hence, to a certain extent, there was poison in his eyes.

However, this poison couldn't be spread out through his gaze.

"Gaze…" Xu Qing fell silent.

He didn't understand. What kind of light was the gaze? How could it fuse poison into it and poison everything he saw?

"How did god achieve this?"

Xu Qing looked tired. He sensed the dissipation of the restriction set up by the heir around him. Standing up, he silently walked towards the apothecary. Just as he was about to enter the city, something stirred in his mind.

"Perhaps I was too obsessed with my eyes?"



Xu Qing paused, closed his eyes, and silently sensed, but everything remained the same. It seemed that shutting his eyelids didn't bring him any deeper understanding.

Because the darkness in front of the eyes was the result of his gaze being covered and could be perceived.

"Then, what if I lose my eyes?"

He was always ruthless to himself. At this moment, without any hesitation, he raised his hand and pressed it directly onto his eyes, giving them a forceful poke.

An intense pain spread throughout his body and blood flowed down his eyes. He became blind.

This intense pain gushed into Xu Qing's perception in waves. However, compared to the pain he had experienced in the past, this wasn't much.

The injured eyes would also slowly recover under the power of the purple crystal.

However, Xu Qing suppressed the recovery power of the purple crystal. He wanted to experience it more.

The darkness in front of him was different from the darkness with his eyes closed previously!

Xu Qing's body trembled.

This was something he hadn't paid attention to previously. He also didn't expect that the difference between being blind and closing his eyes was actually different.

Previously, when he closed his eyes, his vision was blocked and he saw pitch-black darkness.

This time, there was no sight, so there was no concept of black.

"That's not black…"

Xu Qing mumbled. He couldn't tell what this feeling was. It was like a normal person closing one eye would see their vision narrowing, as though a piece was missing.

"And the missing piece, it's not black, it has no color, nor any visual feedback, as if it has been wiped away."

"Nothingness…"

Xu Qing spoke softly.

This term appeared in his mind. This was the scene he sensed after he went blind.

 This made Xu Qing feel a little uncomfortable.

After a while, Xu Qing dispersed his divine consciousness. Gradually, the world reappeared in his mind.

Everything was perceived not through sight but through the aura, the touch of the wind, the resonance of the soul, and the coverage of divine sense.

Divine sense was like an invisible web, composed of countless ripples spreading out from him as the center. Touching anything would create feedback, causing the continuous fluctuations of this web.

Subsequently, within his mind, a consciousness formed.

Consciousness, not an image.

An image was something you could see, a direct and sight response, while consciousness was a kind of perception, a feeling.

Sometimes, to cultivators, because of the existence of divine consciousness, it was very difficult to distinguish between images and consciousness. It would make them instinctively think that divine consciousness was an extension of their vision.

However, in reality, at this moment, Xu Qing understood that it wasn't.

Xu Qing felt that everything in the surroundings that appeared in his mind was formed by him through this feeling he had of the outside world.

Regardless of whether it was earth city, the sky, the ground, all the houses in the surroundings, the pedestrians on the streets, and the mountain peaks in the distance.

He could sense them and 'see' them.

However, some of them had color, while others didn't have any color. They were just an outline.

After a long time, Xu Qing silently walked into the earth city and the apothecary.

On the way, he sensed everything in this state, feeling this stare that wasn't a sight.

"In a thousand miles for pills I've sought,

Fate or not, I'll take a look!"

From afar, the voice of Wu Jianwu reached Xu Qing's ears. Xu Qing looked up, and in his perception, the figure of Wu Jianwu emerged. He had colors—his clothing, hair, and even expressions.

"You, you, you… What's wrong?"

Wu Jianwu's eyes widened as he watched Xu Qing approaching. He observed Xu Qing's closed eyes and the flow of blood. His voice, filled with shock, attracted the attention of those nearby.

Immediately after, the captain, Li Youfei, and Ling'er noticed Xu Qing walking over.

"Brother Xu Qing!"

Ling'er panicked and quickly ran out, hugging Xu Qing.

Xu Qing patted Ling'er's head and smiled. Ling'er was also colorful.

"It's fine. I'm cultivating."

"But… what cultivation requires digging out one's eyes?" Ling'er cried.

Xu Qing comforted her and walked into the apothecary. In the scene that appeared in front of him, the captain had a look of disbelief, Li Youfei had a look of shock, and Ning Yan's eyes were wide open.

Nether Fairy continued to boil water. The heir, who was sitting not far away, looked at him.

Xu Qing patted Ling'er's back and approached the heir. He sat at the side and pondered.

A long time later, Xu Qing spoke softly.

"Senior, I still can't do it. Even after digging out my eyes, I still can't make the poison spread in my gaze. Even the world of perception can't let the poison follow my divine sense."

The heir picked up the teacup and took a sip. He was about to continue guiding in a profound way like before, but after giving it some thought, he looked at Xu Qing's blinded eyes and decided to be more direct this time.

"You were right to blind your eyes!"

"You have to think of a way to sense the god's vision and see the real world."

"The vision of a god? The real world?" Xu Qing mumbled.

"That's right." The heir said meaningfully.

Xu Qing fell silent. A while later, he stood up and bowed. Under Ling'er's nervous and worried gaze, Xu Qing returned to the familiar back room and sat down cross-legged, pondering in his mind.

"Why is it that in the world of my perception, some have colors and some don't…"

Xu Qing pondered. He felt that this might be a key point.

The night passed.

The next morning, Xu Qing lifted his head. He had a faint guess. Hence, he sensed his surroundings. Everything had color. A while later, Xu Qing suddenly transmitted his voice to the captain.

"Senior Brother, do you have any items that I haven't seen before?"

The captain, who was staring at Nether Fairy in the main hall, raised his brows when he heard this. A spurious smile appeared on his face as he walked toward the back room. When he saw Xu Qing, he lifted his right hand and took out an item.

Xu Qing swept his divine awareness over and smelled a medicinal pill, the curse-breaking pill.

"Change it."

The captain's eyes revealed a strange glint as he smiled meaningfully. After some thought, he took out another item.

"What about this?"

Xu Qing saw that it was a dudou[1]. He shook his head after a moment of silence.

The captain's interest was piqued and he kept taking things out. Xu Qing looked at those messy things and was a little speechless. A while later, he sensed that the captain seemed to have taken out some kind of item.

However, in his perception, this item was colorless.

Xu Qing abruptly lifted his head.

"This is…"

The captain's stare landed on his palm. There was a small blue statue there. He had obtained this item in his early years. It was an item worshiped by a small race and wasn't anything special. He had kept it in his storage bag all this while and had forgotten about it.

"This is a statue." The captain looked at Xu Qing.

Xu Qing nodded. His perception indeed saw an outline of a statue in the captain's hand.

"What color?" Xu Qing asked.

"Red." The captain's stare was deep as he smiled.

In an instant, Xu Qing sensed that the statue in the captain's hand had turned red.

Xu Qing nodded. Just as he was about to speak, the captain suddenly spoke again.

"Eh, I saw wrong. It is white."

Xu Qing frowned.

The captain smiled and placed the blue statue in front of Xu Qing as he whispered.

"Little Qing, due to some reasons, I can't guide you. However, this statue is a gift for you. After you recover your eyes, see what color it is."

With that, the captain left.

Xu Qing's heart churned. As many thoughts filled his mind, he loosened the restraint on the purple crystal's recovery power and allowed it to surge into his eyes.

A few days later, Xu Qing opened his eyes and looked at the blue statue in front of him.

The instant he saw this statue, Xu Qing's mind rumbled.

The red and white colors he thought of crumbled and turned blue.

The shock this process brought him was endless.

"Colors can be faked… Then, is what I'm seeing real?"

"In my previous state, the reason why everything in the world I saw contained color and some didn't have color was because those with color were things I had seen before or knew existed, so I could form its images on my own."

"As for what I haven't seen before, I can't form a picture. There's only the outline and no color…"

"As for the captain's words, which caused a change in color in my perception, this indicates… the source that determines what the eyes see and the composition of the world is not the eyes.

To mortals, the brain determines what they see.

For cultivators, it is the soul that predominates, determining what they see and feel."

Xu Qing drew in a deep breath as understanding appeared in his eyes.

"The eye is just a window."

"My path earlier was wrong. Even if I fused the Poison Restriction into this window, it would only be piled up there."

"I want the power of the Poison Restriction to fuse into my gaze…"

"I need to fuse the poison into my soul. If my soul has poison and it spreads out through the window, everything I see will be invaded by my gaze!"

"I wonder if the world I see at that time will be the real world that the heir mentioned?"

[1] A dudou is a traditional Chinese article of clothing that covers the front of the torso.































































Xu Qing was very clear about the difference between him and ordinary cultivators.

That was his body.

Although this body belonged to him, it was created by the god's finger back then. Originally, it was to better adapt to Its integration. In the end, because of the purple crystal, it benefited Xu Qing.

This was the body of a god.

'Although It is a little ordinary and just a finger of one of the countless clones of the Immortal Forbidden god.' Xu Qing muttered to himself.

However, Its status was still that of a god.

Xu Qing's eyes gleamed as he pondered.

"Therefore, to a certain extent, the eyes of this body of mine can also be considered the eyes of a god."

"In that case, in theory, I can use the god's sight to see this world."

Xu Qing lifted his hand and touched his glabella, focusing on sensing his soul. However, his understanding of the soul was a little lacking.

He only knew that the soul represented his mind, his divine consciousness, a gathering of his own nothingness.

The amount of mental energy determined the strength of the soul.

As for the specifics, Xu Qing didn't really understand. It wasn't something he needed to research at his cultivation level.

However, now, Xu Qing had realized the importance of the soul many times. He had also summarized the answer through a series of analysis previously.

"Let the soul sublimate, thereby integrating the poison within it. In this way, I should be able to spread Poison Restriction wherever my gaze falls!"



"Then, what exactly is a soul?"

Everyone's answer to this question was different.

Some believed it was formed by the aura of the body, others thought it was the manifestation of the mind, and there were those who considered it an invisible ripple.

In any case, everything was related to the elusive things.

Xu Qing closed his eyes and the Poison Restriction in his body spread out, permeating his sea of consciousness and searching for his soul.

He could find it because deep within his sea of consciousness, at the end of his mind, there existed a cluster of light and fire composed of divine consciousness.

There was light as well as fire.

The light was the light of the soul, and the fire was the fire of life.

They blended together as if they were the core of everything. If altered, perception was affected; if extinguished, life turned into darkness.

This was the soul Xu Qing had thought of previously.

However, Xu Qing hesitated now.

He attempted to integrate his Poison Restriction into this light and fire, and he could clearly perceive the swaying of the light and fire. He could also distinctly feel that, after his Poison Restriction merged into them, they became one.

However, it didn't achieve the effect he wanted. At the next instant, it separated on its own.

It was as though all the integration was actually just the surface. It was like… this lump of light and fire was actually just a projection.

Or, it might not be the source of the soul.

Xu Qing remained silent.

Time passed bit by bit. As Xu Qing pondered, seven days passed.

In these seven days, the visible thinning of Xu Qing's body, continuous contemplation, and uninterrupted exploration did not bring him answers. Instead, they brought spiritual lethargy and the consumption of vitality.

"Cultivators are different from mortals. Cultivators have nascent souls and divine consciousness. In fact, at my current realm, I can even possess…"

"After possessing someone, I'll still be me. In that case, my soul… can't be in my body!"

 Xu Qing frowned and recalled how the god's finger had possessed him before. At that time, he remembered that he could sense his soul being worn down and his consciousness dissipating.

"I have to experiment."

Xu Qing lifted his head and determination appeared in his eyes. He had to figure out what a soul was. Only then could he complete the next step of integrating the poison.

Xu Qing took a deep breath and was about to transmit his divine sense to the shadow when he paused.

During these days, the shadow had been in constant fear. It sensed that Xu Qing, following the guidance of the heir, had become more and more terrifying, and his aura had changed accordingly.

Hence, seeing that Xu Qing seemed to be about to give it an order, it hurriedly listened. However, after waiting for a long time, Xu Qing still didn't give the order.

"Li Youfei!" Xu Qing thought about it and transmitted his voice to Li Youfei.

Li Youfei, who was doing odd jobs in the main hall, bowed toward the back room where Xu Qing was in when he heard this. He then turned and headed outside.

That night, Li Youfei returned with a middle-aged cultivator and placed him in front of Xu Qing.

"Master, this person is a vicious criminal. He has raped, plundered, and committed all kinds of crimes. Because he is attached to Ancestor Mogui, no one has punished him."

Li Youfei respectfully spoke.

Xu Qing lowered his head and took a look. This was a middle-aged man with a Golden Core cultivation base. He wasn't a human.

There was a scar on his face and he looked very sinister. The smell of blood on his body was very strong.

Xu Qing nodded. He knew that unless Li Youfei was tired of living, he wouldn't dare to lie to him. Hence, he waved his hand and let him leave. After that, he looked at the unconscious middle-aged cultivator in front of him and pressed his forehead.

At the next instant, his divine consciousness surged in and all his aura and energy entered the cultivator's body with his divine consciousness. Even his nascent souls manifested and entered one by one.

He began to possess the man!

At the next instant, Xu Qing sensed that he had arrived at a sea of consciousness that wasn't very bright. There were six Heavenly Palaces shining with ordinary light here. As Xu Qing appeared, these six Heavenly Palaces trembled.

Xu Qing didn't have any emotions. His divine consciousness spread out and covered the entire sea of consciousness, searching for the other party's soul lump of light and fire. He quickly found it and pounced over.

In the blink of an eye, the flames of this lump distorted and mournful cries rang out. Countless memories surged into Xu Qing's divine sense and he saw the life of this cultivator.

Scenes appeared one after another. From the moment he was born until now, some were blurry and some were clear.

However, no matter what, they were all disappearing under Xu Qing's devouring. It was as though Xu Qing had snatched them away…

A while later, the middle-aged cultivator lying there suddenly opened his eyes and stood up expressionlessly. He looked at his main body, who was sitting cross-legged and pondered.

"This is possession?"

The middle-aged cultivator mumbled and sensed his entire body. An uncomfortable feeling enveloped his mind, as though he was wearing a smaller set of clothes.

Yet, in his subconscious, he was familiar with these clothes, and the reasons behind the scar on his face were extremely clear. When Xu Qing closed his eyes, all the past experiences of this body slowly surfaced in his mind

However, it was insignificant and could be erased by him at any time. In fact, Xu Qing felt that he would feel even more comfortable after erasing it.

When this realization surfaced, Xu Qing's body suddenly trembled and his eyes abruptly opened.

"Memory?"

"I seem to have some understanding now. If the soul is a combination of life, aura, and spirit, then it is indeed elusive, or it can be said to be a real entity composed of countless unreal components!"

"The moment a lifeform is born, the instant of perceiving oneself and the outside world forms memory!"

"If the soul is compared to a blank bamboo slip, then memory is the words on it… They are one!"

"Therefore, during the possession, although I couldn't sense the consuming of the other party's soul due to my cultivation, I clearly sensed that I had devoured the other party's memories…"

"For ordinary people, memories dissipate after death, as if severed. Therefore, even if the spirit enters the underworld, it is in a confused state. This is the manifestation of wandering spirits; their memories are shattered and broken."

Xu Qing's breathing was hurried. He sat cross-legged and closed his eyes. At the next instant, all the divine consciousness in his body left and returned to his main body.

The main body opened its eyes and revealed a look of enlightenment.

"What is a soul? My answer might not be correct. This requires me to continue exploring and verifying it as I cultivate in the future."

"But… I can now confirm one thing: memory is the thickness, scale, carrier, and vital energy of the soul!"

"That means, to have my spirit infused with the Poison Restriction so that the Poison Restriction can move with my gaze, what I need to do is to engrave the Poison Restriction deeply into my memories!"

"I need to change my memory so that the concept of the Poison Restriction will exist in my memory from the moment I was born until now!"

Xu Qing mumbled.

And at this moment, Xu Qing was unaware that the main hall, separated by a curtain, had been cut into another space by the heir.

In this space, his murmurs were being repeated by the parrot.

"…until now!"

The parrot was clearly immersed in Xu Qing's emotions as it shouted excitedly.

Ling'er's small face was filled with worry as she looked at the back room. She felt that Brother Xu Qing was somewhat inhabited during this period of time.

Wu Jianwu also gasped. A similar thought as Ling'er rose in his mind. He felt that Xu Qing had gone crazy. Normal people wouldn't think about questions like souls and memories.

Especially on this matter, even if he listened to the parrot's recap, he still remained perplexed.

"I know every word Xu Qing said but why can't I understand it after connecting them? What is he saying…"

Wu Jianwu was at a loss. He felt that this shouldn't be just his problem. Hence, he looked at the others and realized that Li Youfei was the same as him, looking stunned.

What was different was that amidst Li Youfei's confusion, there was a hint of fear. Clearly, he was worried that Xu Qing would perform such an experiment on him one day.

As for Ning Yan, he was shocked and waves of emotions surged in his mind.

This was because he had heard his father say similar words before… However, he had never expected Xu Qing to be able to say such words at the Nascent Soul realm.

He could sense that Xu Qing had really analyzed and comprehended these himself.

The captain's gaze was deep and his smile was bright as he muttered inwardly.

'Little Qing, Eldest Senior Brother didn't bring you to the Moon Worship Region just to devour the Crimson Goddess… This place will be a place for you and me to soar!'

Nether Fairy was silent. She looked at the back room where Xu Qing was with a complicated expression as a thought rose in her mind.

'Could this Xu Qing be like me, transformed from a spirit fragment of an existence in the past?'

Everyone had different thoughts but just as they were feeling different waves in their minds, the heir smiled. He wasn't surprised by Xu Qing's comprehension this time around. Everything was within his expectations.

He had predicted before that with Xu Qing's comprehension ability, he would definitely be able to understand it to this step.

"This is the difference between me and this kid's master. His master has limited cognition, so it's hard to guide him. It's not his fault. If everyone can carve on such a piece of jade, it won't be jade anymore."

The heir stood up with a smile. He knew that the next step would make the other party think of his power to change perception, and he was about to give Xu Qing a choice.

"I can use my cognition power to change memories; this method is not perfect as it can't penetrate into the subconscious, staying only on the surface, and there will be my mark on his soul. However, the advantage is that he will have poison in his gaze."

"With this kid's temperament, he probably won't agree. In that case… the probability of him agreeing to my second is higher."

The heir took a step forward and was about to walk over when the parrot suddenly spoke, repeating Xu Qing's words in the back room.

"There's only one way to do this!"

"That is to leave behind the imprint of countless poisons on my body, allowing every piece of my flesh, every drop of blood, and every inch of my bones to contain poison!"

"I can't change memories directly, but memories are not only formed by experiences and cognition, but also by the body's instincts!"

"Imprint the poison as an instinct in my body, use the instinct to overwrite my memories!"

"And my eyes, I need to refine them again, relying on all the reactions of the flesh, ultimately providing an eternal message to memories."

"I am poison!"

Xu Qing's eyes gleamed and he was in high spirits.

In the main hall, everyone was dumbfounded. Ling'er was even more worried. Ning Yan gasped and the captain's expression changed. The heir stopped in his tracks and silently sat down again.

"He doesn't need me to change his cognition… this kid… he's changing his own cognition?"































































Xu Qing did what he said.

After having a direction, he immediately took out poisonous herbs and poison pills from his storage bag. Some of them were directly swallowed, some were smeared all over his body, and some were directly placed inside his body.

The effect was much better.

He didn't spare his eyes either. He turned poison pills into liquid and dripped it into his eyes.

The Poison Restriction mixed in with the poison and filled his entire body, nurturing his physical body's memories and refining his physical body's instincts.

Time flowed by and half a month passed.

During these more than ten days and nights, Xu Qing immersed himself in this process. Many times, he had double vision, but he did not give up.

Xu Qing understood that if he wanted to achieve the physical memory he wanted, not only did he need a lot of poison, but he also needed a variety of poisons.

Although there was quite a lot of poison in his storage bag, it was still not enough. However, this wasn't an issue. There was the Moon Rebel Hall.

Every time Xu Qing had a new need, he would sell curse-breaking pills in the Moon Rebel Hall.

The price was poisonous herbs and poison pills.

Just like that, as more and more cultivators from the Moon Rebel Hall consumed the curse-breaking pills, the name of Master Pill Nine became growing resounding in the Moon Rebel Hall, attracting an increasing number of admirers.

His followers also increased greatly every day.

Some alchemy masters also joined in because of Xu Qing's words back then. This was especially so for Shengluo. He had praised Xu Qing greatly many times in front of everyone and his expression was filled with respect.



Almost everyone in the Moon Rebel Hall knew the name of Pill Nine. It gradually attracted the attention of the other deputy hall masters and even extended of the Moon Rebel Hall, spreading among the rebellion army in the Moon Worship Region.

There were many guesses about his identity.

Some people said that this was a Nihility Almighty who had studied the Dao of Medicine his entire life.

There were also people who said that he should be from the foreign regions, which was why there was no sign of him before.

There were also people who said that perhaps this was a spy from the Red Moon Shrine, but this theory had few supporters.

Nevertheless, the mysterious identity of Pill Nine lingered in the minds of many Moon Rebel Hall cultivators.

Even the deputy hall masters had no way of knowing, nor did they have the authority to investigate.

Only the hall master had the authority to see through the identities of every Moon Rebel Hall cultivator.

However, ever since ancient times, the highest temple had never opened.

Even when it occasionally shimmered, it usually dimmed after just a year.

After that, there would be an additional deputy hall master.

The specific reasons, though known to some, were not topics easily discussed.

Xu Qing knew that his reputation was rising. However, he, who was immersed in poison, didn't care too much. This was because his cultivation of the Poison Restriction had reached a bottleneck.

The scarcity of resources in the Moon Worship Region caused him to lack too many medicinal herbs. Hence, Xu Qing couldn't develop his body's instincts according to what he envisioned.

"I need a vast amount of poisonous herbs. I also need to combine them into numerous formulas, constantly experimenting and adjusting."

"If it was in Fenghai County, it might be possible. However, here… even if the cultivators of the Moon Rebel Hall look for for me, it's still somewhat incomplete."

"Especially some poisonous herbs that I haven't seen before, I've only read about them in the pharmacopeia."

Xu Qing contemplated as the scene of the heir coming to him a few days ago, explaining the pros and cons of altering cognition, crossed his mind.

"Leave a mark in my soul…"

Xu Qing suppressed this choice and still decided to rely on himself. Although it would take longer, Xu Qing felt that this was the most suitable for him.

"However, the heir mentioned another method that is related to my Purple Moon."

 Xu Qing looked at the main hall as a guess rose in his mind.

He recalled the series of training the heir had put him through since arriving at the Bitter Life Mountain Range. When considering the alternative method mentioned by the heir, he couldn't shake the feeling that perhaps… the other party had been guiding him all along, leading him towards this second option.

Xu Qing fell silent and recalled the words of the heir.

"Kid, there's actually another way. It can also allow you to sense the sight of the god and see the real world. From there, your gaze can contain poison."

"This method is related to your Purple Moon."

"However, this method is extremely dangerous, so I am doubting to tell you."

"But I can assure you that once successful, the world you see will be the true appearance of things. However, I am not sure if, at that time, you will still be yourself."

"However, from the moment you obtained the divine source of the Crimson Goddess, this might be the path you have to take unless you're willing to give up your Purple Moon power."

"So you can contemplate it yourself. I'll give you seven days. If you have made a decision, find me on the morning of the eighth day, and it must be at that time."

"At that time, I will inform you specifically. This involves gods and has karmic consequences. If you don't come, I won't provide the information."

Xu Qing had been thinking about these words these few days. He guessed that after the Golden Crow and the Poison Restriction, this would be a transformation of his Purple Moon Nascent Soul.

But he didn't understand why the heir said that after making a decision, he had to inform him on the morning of the eighth day.

Xu Qing was a little puzzled about this.

Today was the late night of the seventh day. There were still four hours before the morning the heir mentioned.

Feeling the surroundings, Xu Qing saw that the heir was different from usual. Instead of sitting in the main hall drinking tea, he was outside, on the roof, gazing at the sky.

Xu Qing's body swayed and he disappeared from the back room. When he reappeared, he was also on the roof.

"Wait!"

The heir glanced at Xu Qing and calmly spoke, still looking at the sky.

Xu Qing nodded and sat at the side, looking at the sky.

In the sky of the Moon Worship Region, there was little light during the day and it was pitch-black at night. It was as though a black curtain had covered the sky. There were no stars and it was like the void.

The wind in the surroundings whistled over, carrying a whimper like a whistle that echoed between heaven and earth.

The entire Bitter Life Mountain Range became much quieter than before.

All the native cultivators seemed to be a little uneasy tonight.

Xu Qing extended his divine consciousness and sensed that although Li Youfei was sitting cross-legged and meditating in the house, his heartbeat was clearly racing and his expression was filled with confusion.

Feeling a bit strange, Xu Qing extended his perception in all directions. The entire Bitter Life Mountain Range, even the sounds of birds and beasts, seemed to have diminished significantly.

It was as though something was about to happen.

Time flowed by and two hours passed.

There were still two hours before dawn. The captain walked out of the apothecary and arrived at the roof. After kneeling to the heir, he sat beside Xu Qing and winked at him.

"Eldest Senior Brother." Xu Qing looked at the captain.

"Hush…" The captain raised his index finger to his lips and then pointed to the sky.

Xu Qing fell into deep thought and waited silently.

Slowly, an hour passed.

At this moment, the wind disappeared.

All sound disappeared.

The entire Bitter Life Mountain Range fell into extreme silence.

It was the same for the green sand desert, the entire county, and the entire Moon Worship Region. At this moment… it was dead silent!

In the sky, light appeared!

It was a red light. Although it was very faint, it became the only color in the void. Hence, it was conspicuous and dazzling.

At the start, there was only one stream of light, but very soon, there were countless of them. They were like sharp blades cutting through the sky, like divine decrees of death, reading out the calamity.

Xu Qing's mind trembled intensely. The Purple Moon power in his body fluctuated intensely, as though it was about to lose control.

In the distant horizon, as the red light gradually emerged, it became more and more abundant, even giving a sticky sensation, as if blood was spreading and infiltrating towards the entire sky of the Moon Worship Region.

A vast and mighty force, accompanied by a world-shaking momentum, terrifying fluctuations, and supreme majesty, descended upon the Moon Worship Region with the spread of the red light in the sky!

The sky turned crimson red, the ground churned, everything withered, and the human world suffered.

At this moment, the Bitter Life Mountain Range trembled, the Heavenly Fire Sea trembled, the Heavenly Bull Mountain Range trembled, and all the beings in the entire Moon Worship Region trembled. Helplessness appeared in their eyes and despair rose in their hearts.

The Sacrificial Yin River that surrounded the Moon Worship Region surged with monstrous waves. Countless skeletons rose and fell, accompanied by endless cries and howls of sorrow.

At this moment, only the temple cultivators in the temples in the Moon Worship Region were extremely excited.

They all walked out of their dwellings, kneeling on the ground, facing the horizon where the redness spread. They worshiped fervently, their expressions filled with fanaticism.

"Lord Red Moon, guide the Wanggu. Mourn for all living beings, and enjoy paradise."

Countless voices rang out from all directions, echoing endlessly.

Red Moon was here.

Its true form was still somewhat far away from the Moon Worship Region, but It was closer than ever before in these years. Thus, Its radiance appeared first, enveloping the entire domain.

Before long, as the entire sky turned blood-red and the earth transformed into a crimson expanse, a colossal red moon would emerge on the horizon.

That would be the time when the Crimson Goddess was about to reap her harvest.

Xu Qing's mind rumbled. He finally understood why the heir had set the date for this morning.

He also understood why the captain had appeared.

"It won't be long before the Crimson Goddess… enters the human world." The heir looked at the horizon and muttered softly.

"At that time, all living beings will be food."

The heir retracted his gaze from the sky and stared at Xu Qing.

"Xu Qing, tell me about your decision?"

"How do I do it?" Xu Qing didn't hesitate and slowly spoke.

The heir stood up and his voice echoed.

"Xu Qing, I actually don't understand the Crimson Goddess, nor do I know how you should use your Purple Moon power. I also don't know about the Crimson Goddess' specific authority as a god. That is a god's secret."

Memories appeared in the heir's eyes. Under the black-red sky, his figure revealed a hint of bleakness.

"However, I have seen the battle between my father and the Crimson Goddess."

"At that time, the feeling the Crimson Goddess gave me… was hunger. Infinite hunger!"

A hint of fear appeared in the heir's eyes.

"That hunger is extremely terrifying. It's not just the hunger for the body but also for the soul and everything else. It seems that when She appears, hunger becomes boundless."

"You aren't hungry enough, so you can't display the true power of the Purple Moon. You have to experience extreme hunger!"

"I can only tell you that… that's the overlapping of humanity and divinity, a blending and choosing."































































In the Bitter Life Mountain Range, the wind stopped blowing, the sand stopped moving, and everything was silent.

Only the crimson red sky was like light or blood, constantly churning and spreading, as if the sky was injured, dying the surroundings with blood.

On the roof, the heir's voice echoed. In this silent world, he talked about karma related to gods.

"I'm not a god, and I don't have divine sources in my body."

"However, I also have authority, but it's different from gods… It didn't come from the ignition of the divine fire but from the blessing of the Wanggu Heavenly Dao."

"Therefore, I can't help you with how to control your divine source. I can only give you a direction, and that is hunger."

The heir stared at Xu Qing.

"Hunger?" Xu Qing fell silent. A moment later, he glanced at the captain.

In his memory, every time the captain saw the flesh of gods, he seemed to be extremely hungry.

The captain blinked but didn't speak.

Xu Qing fell into deep thought.

"Xu Qing, we don't have much time left." On the roof, the heir retracted his gaze and looked at the bright red color spreading over from the horizon. He then took a step forward.

At the next instant, his figure disappeared from the world. Xu Qing also disappeared.

The captain wasn't surprised by their departure. He stretched lazily and opened his storage bag, rummaging through it.

A long time later, he found an iron box.

'The heir is too anxious…'

The captain muttered inwardly, bit his tongue, spat out a mouthful of blood into his hand, and placed his hand on the iron box.



"No other choice, can only use this. But speaking of it, the old man really predicted it accurately. He gave me this thing just before we left Fenghai County."

"At that time, he said that this was Fourth's anchor…"

"I can only open it with my blood and send it to Fourth when he gets lost."

The captain glanced at the iron box and wanted to open it in advance. However, he knew how important this item was, so he suppressed his curiosity.

At the same time, in the depths of the green sand desert, in this endless desert, the figures of the heir and Xu Qing appeared from the void.

As soon as he landed, Xu Qing immediately sensed his surroundings.

The distant sand dunes remained motionless, the absence of wind rendering the desert silent. The greenish sand underfoot inexplicably took on a grayish-white hue.

It gave off a feeling of death.

Xu Qing had been here before and knew that it was a desolate land that was several months away from the Bitter Life Mountain Range.

"This place is good enough."

The heir calmly spoke and looked at Xu Qing.

"I'll ask you one last time. Are you sure?"

Xu Qing lifted his head and looked at the crimson sky. He sensed the restlessness of the Purple Moon's power in his body. It was an urge to leave his body and return to the sky.

Xu Qing didn't want to give up on the Purple Moon, so he knew that he actually didn't need to make a choice. Hence, he looked at the heir and nodded.

"Good!"

The heir's gaze was deep. He lifted his right hand and grabbed at Xu Qing.

No aura spread out, no fluctuations of cultivation, and no aura erupted. However, just this simple grab caused Xu Qing's body to tremble.

He could clearly sense that the fire of his life had instantly dimmed. The life force in his body seemed to possess its own will and became an independent entity, turning into fog that rapidly spread out from the surface of his body.

 The white fog continuously seeped out, emanating from every inch of Xu Qing's body—his pores, his seven apertures—flowing outward, directly towards the right hand of the heir.

In this process, Xu Qing's body began to wither, his hair started to wither away, and waves of weakness emerged throughout his entire body, becoming increasingly intense.

A while later, the white fog finished gathering on the heir's right hand and he lowered his hand.

Xu Qing staggered and took a few steps back, panting heavily. At this moment, from the outside, he no longer looked like he was 20 years old. He looked more like an old man in his twilight years.

More than half of his hair had fallen off, and the rest had turned gray. His body was as skinny as firewood, and even his cultivation base had become fragile. In fact, his teeth had even loosened.

His eyes also were dim. This was caused by 90% of his life force being extracted.

A feeling of emptiness surfaced in Xu Qing's perception, transforming into coldness that caused him to feel hunger.

However, Xu Qing felt that this wasn't enough.

Hence, he looked at the heir and spoke hoarsely.

"Senior, I know you have your own selfish motives and I also understand that you hope that my Purple Moon power can be stronger. I can even guess that this has something to do with saving your siblings."

When the heir heard this, he didn't hide anything and said in a deep voice.

"Xu Qing, I do have selfish motives. I hope that your Purple Moon power can grow a little more and become stronger, and that you can truly control it…"

"In that case, please continue. This is because I also want to grasp the power of the Purple Moon. I want to see the true appearance of this world even more." Xu Qing's voice was weak as he smiled.

The heir fell silent. After a long time, his left hand formed a seal and pointed. Immediately, a seal of the Soul Accumulation landed on Xu Qing.

"I'll deprive you of your life force and turn your life into a void."

"I'll strip you of your cultivation and dry up your spirit energy."

"Deprive you of your recovery, making it impossible for you to restore yourself."

"Lastly, I'll deprive you of the possibility of survival, making it impossible for you to move or resist. You can only wait for death to arrive."

Xu Qing's mind rumbled. At this moment, his mind was blank. He didn't know when he lost his balance and fell heavily to the ground, lying in the desert.

The heir sighed softly and cast a deep glance at Xu Qing. He then turned and walked toward the sky. Step by step, he gradually left.

Only this quiet desert was left, leaving behind a lonely figure lying there.

Xu Qing liked silence because it helped him think. He liked to think.

However, at this moment, in this silent world, he didn't even have the ability to think. He felt extreme weakness and couldn't move his fingers.

He also felt the coldness that he hated the most.

"It's been a long time… a long time…" Xu Qing muttered weakly in his mind. It had been a long time since he had experienced this icy coldness from his childhood.

The coldness in his body invaded his soul. The cold from the inside out caused his body to shiver uncontrollably.

His consciousness started becoming blurry.

Vaguely, Xu Qing seemed to see many scenes. In one of them, a dirty and ragged youth crawled out from countless corpses, struggling hard to move forward, just to survive.

"Actually, I already had this feeling when I was young… more than once."

Xu Qing mumbled.

Countless times, he was so hungry that he was about to die and countless times, he felt despair in his heart.

In order to survive, he had eaten everything in the past. Tree barks were already a very luxurious thing. When he was extremely hungry, he even ate soil to satisfy his hunger.

"So, the heir was actually wrong. He should have let me have some strength, so that I could feel hunger on a deeper level."

Xu Qing forced a smile and trembled as he lifted his withered arm. He tried his best to place it in front of him and bring it to his mouth.

His eyes gradually revealed madness, bloodshot veins emerged, and with all his gathered strength, he forcefully opened his mouth and bit down on the arm.

The blood flowed along the lips and teeth of Xu Qing, but before it could drip down, he inhaled and swallowed every drop.

At the same time, he also swallowed a piece of flesh on his arm that he had bitten off.

Xu Qing didn't need to chew too much. His throat moved and he ruthlessly swallowed it.

As the flesh and blood slid down the esophagus into the stomach, the inexhaustible squeezing and gastric juices, like the drought-ridden earth receiving rain, surged up.

Xu Qing grinned, his mouth full of blood, feeling the struggling in his stomach, the familiar sensation making him smile.

"That's more like it. To starve, you need to have some strength at least."

However, this smile was a little terrifying. As he smiled, Xu Qing's eyes turned even redder and his breathing became hurried. As his strength recovered a little, the hunger brought about by the coldness and emptiness also became increasingly intense.

Xu Qing's body trembled and the blood color in his eyes intensified. He felt that at this moment, it was as though an endless void had appeared in his body. The suction force emitted by it caused the world in front of him to distort.

However, Xu Qing had a lot of experience in this.

He looked at the sky and suddenly cursed.

"Son of a bitch, fragmented-face!"

When he was young, every time he was hungry to this extent, he would curse like this. It was the same now.

As he cursed, Xu Qing's thoughts slowly returned a little. He finally restrained the madness in his heart.

"This hunger that can be restrained is clearly not enough."

"This is the hunger of the body, not the hunger of the god that the heir mentioned."

"As for the feeling of hunger, I have other experiences as well."

Xu Qing recalled the time when he devoured the cultivators from the Red Moon Shrine. At that time, an intense impulse had risen in his heart, as though he was addicted and wanted to devour more. He still remembered that feeling.

"At that time, although I controlled myself, if I continued to devour, I might not have been able to control myself…"

"There's also Eldest Senior Brother's hunger and Ancient Spirit Emperor's hunger!"

"There's also the hunger of the Crimson Goddess' clone, Zhang Siyun, in the Immortal Forbidden!"

"Their hunger is similar but also different from mine."

Xu Qing mumbled.

"Then, what if I don't restrain myself?"

Xu Qing fell silent. After a long time, he gave up on restraining himself and instinctively lowered his head. His breathing was hurried and the feeling of hunger suppressed his rationality, replacing everything.

He suddenly opened his mouth and bit his arm again, as though it wasn't his own flesh.

He took one bite after another. He slowly lost his rationality and his instincts gradually drove everything.

At this moment, he was like a wild beast!

In fact, when some of the blood landed on the sand, Xu Qing instinctively lowered his body and greedily swallowed the sand tainted with blood.

However, even so, the feeling of starvation didn't reduce at all.

"Hungry… hungry…"

Xu Qing trembled, crawling forward with determination. He wanted to eat more.

However, the surroundings were desolate, and there was not a single beast in sight. After crawling a few yards, Xu Qing lay there, engulfed by darkness, overwhelmed by madness.

As weakness and death spread through his entire body with increasing intensity, Xu Qing's mind sobered up for a moment.

"The heir said that it's the overlapping of humanity and divinity…"

"Right now, I'm bestial."

"To be able to wake up means that this is the fusion of humanity and bestiality. It also means that my method is wrong."

"So, what is humanity? And what is divinity?"

Xu Qing muttered weakly.

Time flowed by and three days passed.

While Xu Qing was feeling this starvation in the green sand desert, because the light of the Red Moon appeared on the horizon, the races and all living beings in the entire Moon Worship Region fell into despair.

Chaos was the companion of despair.

The entire Moon Worship Region began to descend into chaos and insanity became the main theme.

Since their final fate was destined to be death, anything was possible at this last moment of life.

Burning, killing, humiliating, raping, and looting could be seen anywhere in this region.

The evil inherent in the nature of life unfolded infinitely at this moment, released and immersed without restraint.

All constraints ceased to exist, and all inhibitions turned to ashes.

Wails and pain transformed into a storm that swept through everything.

Human nature was collapsing.

Goodwill was dimming.

Bestial nature was spreading.

Madness was erupting.

It was the same for the cultivators as well..































































On the second day after the night when the red moonlight first appeared, the wind returned to the green sand desert.

At first, it was faint, but now, after three days, the green wind whirled with the green sand and howled through the sky, pushing the sand dunes to continuously shift, transforming the desert into a sea of sand.

The whimpering and howling sound seemed to gather the cries of all living beings and continued to spread throughout the world.

In this desert, most of Xu Qing's body was drowned. Only a small portion of his body was revealed and he was motionless, like a corpse.

He had been thinking about what humanity and divinity were.

This question was profound and it was very difficult for Xu Qing to understand it thoroughly, especially the latter…

He wasn't a god, so he couldn't use his identity as a human to comprehend the divinity of gods.

However, Xu Qing also had his own advantage. In his short 20 years of experience, he had seen too much evil and suffering. He had seen the endless ugliness of human nature.

Hence, he had an understanding of human nature.

And during these three days, he had been reflecting about his past, recalling scenes from his memory since he could remember.

There was greed, madness, cannibalism, and malevolence.

There was also beauty in it, but it ultimately shattered like a spark.

However, no matter what, he remembered his feeling the instant the spark appeared.



Just like the peace in Peerless City when he was young, the impression his parents gave him, the warmth Captain Lei gave him, and the sentiments Duanmu Zang had.

There was also… the figure of the Sword Holding Palace's Palace Master, Kong Liangxiu.

Many more.

"Human nature has virtuous and evil."

Xu Qing mumbled inwardly.

"Human nature also has emotions for things, and the resulting attachments."

Xu Qing thought of his master, the captain, Zi Xuan, Ling'er, and the many figures he had known on his way here.

Some he hated, some he was grateful for, some he disliked, and some he liked.

"From the beginning, when I was alone, until now… unknowingly, the concerns in my heart have multiplied, and attachments as well. All of these are like strands of thread, woven into a vast web."

"And human nature is the source of this web, leading to my joys and sorrows."

Xu Qing opened his eyes and looked at the sky. He felt the whimpering sound of the wind as though it carried the cries of all living beings.

"Human nature includes the desire for life and the fear of death."

"My wish since I was young was to survive."

"In fact, all the emotions and the style of doing things are actually a manifestation of human nature."

"When I was in Peerless City, I had no thoughts of killing, I wouldn't think about the future or consider what it would be like to grow up. But after going through a series of events, I changed."

Xu Qing mumbled, this kind of reminiscence made him deeply reflect on himself. The emergence of past events also deepened his understanding of human nature.

"One of the differences between human nature and bestial nature is restraint."

Xu Qing lowered his head, looking at his bare left arm. Remembering his previous madness, he felt that the source of control came from self-control, so what did self-control come from?

Xu Qing fell into deep thought.

"From the moral constraints within my cognition, this part is the attribute that makes humans human."

"So, human nature is orderly, while bestial nature, on the contrary, is disorderly and relies on instincts. This is the state of those beasts in the Wanggu Continent that have been invaded by god's aura."

Xu Qing understood.

"What about divinity?"

 Xu Qing fell silent. He still didn't comprehend but he knew that this body of his was the body of a god. He also knew that his Poison Restriction came from a Divine Realm and his Purple Moon was also a divine source.

"So, spreading my Purple Moon power throughout my body, in a sense, means that divinity already exists. It's just that I didn't realize it, or perhaps, it didn't reveal because I am human, not a god."

"The heir's request for me is to feel hungry, like Crimson Goddess."

"So hunger is the key to opening divinity?"

"How did god's hunger come about?"

Xu Qing was confused. At that moment, he no longer felt hungry. His body was used to it and he had adapted to the feeling of weakness. Death was approaching.

A long time later, Xu Qing sighed softly.

He still couldn't find an answer, but he didn't want to continue lying here. He struggled to sit up from the sand.

Because, in the distance, some fierce beasts had emerged in the desert, and even further away, he saw a giant mushroom emitting malice moving towards him.

A terrifying energy fluctuation emitted from the mushroom, giving Xu Qing the feeling that it wasn't a Nascent Soul but a Dao Nurturing being.

In the green sand desert, these mushrooms were bizarre existences. They were not numerous, and their roots could outline giant figures. Few people would dare to provoke them.

This was something Xu Qing had sensed the first time he came to this desert back then.

But now, the simple act of sitting up consumed the little strength he had left. As he sat up, the pit formed in the sand behind him quickly filled with sand from the surroundings, gradually leveling out.

Xu Qing was stunned, turning to look at the filled pit. In that moment, his mind began to roar, as if lightning bolts were flashing across it, causing him to forget the dangers around him, ignoring everything; his eyes focused only on the filled sand pit.

"It's filled…"

"When I was lying there, I was a part of the sand pit, and when I got up, there was a missing piece, so… the sand rushed in, restoring it to its original state."































































"So, if I consider this sand pit as me, the original sand as human nature… and the later filled sand as divinity…"

Xu Qing's expression changed, his breath slightly accelerated. He vaguely felt that he had grasped a key point, and was about to contemplate it, when in the next instant, a massive scorpion tail shot out of the sand beside him, piercing into his body.

Xu Qing's body landed in the distance with a loud thud, as if a kite with a broken string.

In an instant, three sand scorpions rushed towards the place where he fell, closing in rapidly and beginning to bite.

Xu Qing ignored them. Although his body was weak, it still possessed resilience. These scorpions couldn't tear him apart in a short time. Though pain surged, Xu Qing's thoughts were the most crucial thing for him now.

He allowed the scorpions to bite him while closing his eyes to continue his previous thoughts.

"Erasing one's own humanity, no longer restraining the beastly nature with humanity, thereby allowing divinity to fill the void and act upon the beastly nature!"

Xu Qing's mind rumbled.

He understood.

"I don't need to understand what divinity is. What I need to do is to feel it when it integrates and understand it from the perspective of the god's sight."

"At that time, perhaps I won't need to restrain my beastly nature because it won't need restraint; it will inherently obey me."

"So, the heir told me that if I want to do this, I need human nature and divinity to overlap. This is a kind of mixing and choosing!"

"But why would hunger appear?"

Xu Qing understood some of the answers but there were still some things he didn't understand. However, at the end of the day, he needed to face a choice.



Should he give it a try?

After a while, Xu Qing remembered the tea mentioned by the heir in his early guidance.

He then thought of his experiment on the Golden Crow and the enlightenment he had gained from watching the heir take a leaf from the little seedling.

"Tea and water can be fused but they can also be separated. As for the leaves that leave the grass seedling, they are also a part of the grass seedling. Their origins are the same."

"So, even if it's an attempt, it's not impossible to reverse it."

Xu Qing fell silent for a moment and determination appeared in his eyes. This was because he knew that unless he was willing to give up on completely grasping the power of the Purple Moon, he only had this path.

"As for how to erase human nature…"

Xu Qing closed his eyes. The way to erase human nature was to no longer restrain his instincts.

Hence, he began to slowly adjust.

A while later, Xu Qing's breathing gradually hastened and his body slowly trembled. After a long time, his eyes opened, revealing madness like that of a wild beast.

He no longer constrained his instincts, no longer restrained his actions, no longer considered morality, good and evil, or the dignity of being human.

He also didn't think about his memories or emotions.

Release, release, instinct was continuously released.

Boom!

At the next instant, Xu Qing let out a roar like a wild beast. His eyes were red as he lowered his head and looked at a scorpion that was biting him.

His saliva flowed uncontrollably from the corner of his mouth. The hunger from his body erupted endlessly at this moment.

He didn't know where he got the strength from but he grabbed the scorpion and started biting it crazily.

Sand and soil flew up as rumbling sounds echoed.

The roars and sharp sounds continued to intertwine and fuse. After about fifteen minutes, a figure rushed out.

He was Xu Qing.

However, at this moment, his hair was disheveled and he was panting. His face and body were covered in blood and his left hand, which had a large amount of flesh bitten off earlier, was completely broken.

 However, this didn't affect his speed.

He didn't know how to think anymore. Only his instincts existed. He wanted to eat and eat everything.

The instinctive hunger plunged him into madness; he wanted to devour, not only a desire for flesh and blood but also a deeper and more profound craving.

He didn't know what it was; his sensation was that his body seemed to have numerous voids, a substance of utmost importance to him, concealed within.'

As he hid, the feeling of hunger grew increasingly intense. It came from his body and soul.

At the same time, his body shone with purple light!

This was the power of the Purple Moon!

It surged with unprecedented fluctuations, intertwining intimately with the brilliance of the protagonist at this instant, blending in an infinite fusion.

The surroundings distorted and the world blurred. The power of the god rumbled and erupted from Xu Qing's body.

The desert shook and the green wind paused. It actually rolled back, as though it didn't dare to get close.

A wail rang out from Xu Qing's mouth. He ran crazily toward the mushrooms in the distance and instantly got close.

Originally, at his peak, he would have to expend a lot of magic power to break through the surface of the mushroom. At this moment, he only waved his hand and the surface of the mushroom split open on its own.

As a mournful cry echoed, Xu Qing directly crawled in and opened his mouth to devour it.

His remaining right hand was also constantly waving as he grabbed piece after piece of flesh and stuffed them into his mouth with all his might.

"Hungry… hungry…"

As for the mushroom's resistance, it was also extremely intense. A large number of tentacles danced out of the sand, forming the outline of a giant that suppressed Xu Qing.

Under its aura, all Nascent Soul cultivators would collapse. Even Xu Qing, in the past, would have had to go all out to resist it.

However, now… as soon as these tentacles that contained suppression got close to Xu Qing, they actually collapsed on their own.

It was completely helpless against Xu Qing.

The waves of terror swept out from within the mushroom, accompanied by agonizing cries that transformed into the lament of life. However, Xu Qing continued to devour, one gulp after another.'

His stomach swelled but the feeling of appetite didn't decrease. Instead, it became even more terrifying.

In the end, it was as though all the holes in his body had melted together, forming an incomparably huge black hole that devoured him.

The divinity from the Purple Moon shone even more intensely at this moment.

The purple intent enveloped the world.

The divine source erupted.

Xu Qing's movements slowly stopped at this moment. In his madness, his red eyes revealed a hint of cold clarity. He vaguely seemed to sense divinity.

It was hard to describe and beyond words.

Xu Qing didn't understand everything. It was just that at this moment, he had a sudden feeling.

For example, whether the Crimson Goddess came or not was no longer important in his thoughts.

Who he was was no longer important.

"Emotions, past, good and evil, grievances, all people, all things, he remembered, but at this moment, none of it mattered anymore."

His view of things and understanding of everything was different from the past.

"This is why the heir said that the moment I succeed, it will be hard to tell if I am still me…"

"Because the moment godliness completely replaced human nature, the things and people that were once extremely important to me are insignificant at this moment."

Xu Qing pondered indifferently. He only thought about this question slightly and felt that it was meaningless.

To him, pondering over this matter was equally unimportant.

As for the decaying landscape before his eyes, swept by an aging wind, where grotesque specters filled the space between heaven and earth, and the ground was covered with ruins submerged in a sea of bones and flesh-eating maggots, it also didn't matter.

Even the blurry fragmented-face in the sky had undergone a transformation, with eyes wide open, gazing down at the earth as if they had never closed.

This too wasn't important.

The important thing was that the protagonist was very hungry, extremely hungry.

His appetite seemed to be endless with no beginning or end.

Xu Qing understood the source of his hunger.

That was another instinct that pursued the evolution of life.

It was also a farewell and reluctance to part with the past.

It was an imperfect black hole formed by the loss of humanity and the integration of divinity.

"If I want to resolve this hunger, I have to make myself perfect and completely erase human nature."

"I haven't done it completely, and the Crimson Goddess hasn't done it either. The Ancient Spirit Emperor hasn't completed it either. It's the same for the captain… So, They will be hungry."

Xu Qing calmly thought about this unimportant matter that he didn't know why he was thinking about. Very soon, he stopped thinking.

However, after he stopped, he faintly felt that this was very important.

The collision of two types of thoughts caused a struggle to appear in his eyes. Sometimes, it was indifferent, and sometimes, it regained the color of human nature.

As they continued to intertwine, the veins on Xu Qing's forehead bulged and he let out a wail of pain. The clarity in his eyes rapidly disappeared and insanity surged again. His instinct to pursue perfection erased the footsteps of humanity and erupted uncontrollably again.

Xu Qing went crazy again. Purple light overflowed into the sky from his entire body, and he sped into the distance like he was possessed.

There was food there.

At the place he left, there was not a single mushroom left. He devoured them all.































































Time flowed by.

Five days passed.

It had been eight days since the light of the Red Moon appeared on the horizon.

During these eight days, the crimson red at the end of the sky has transformed into a shape resembling a crescent moon. Numerous bands of light, thick like blood, continue to spread.

If the entire sky was treated as a vast curtain, then in just those few days, the red color had already spread to about two-thirds of the area.

According to this speed, in about a year, the entire sky would turn completely red.

That was the day the Red Moon would arrive, the moment when the funeral bells rang for all living beings in the entire Moon Worship Region.

The countdown had begun.

As death came, there was no longer a need to suppress the final madness, so it was released in full.

The slaughter erupted everywhere.

It was the same for cultivators and mortals.

The strong bullied the weak, the weak oppressed the even weaker, and the even weaker resisted desperately, with desperate roars echoing in the ferocity.

The frantic screams before death turned the world into hell where demons ran rampant.

It was the same for the green sand desert.

All factions experienced varying degrees of madness in these eight days: killing and being killed became the new rule.



One faction after another fell apart and mortal cities became places for cultivators to vent the despair in their hearts.

The earth city where Xu Qing's apothecary was located was also a target.

In these eight days, there were hundreds of crazy people who came to wreak havoc. They wanted to give their pain to others indiscriminately.

It seemed that witnessing others in greater pain allowed them to find extreme happiness at the end of their lives.

However, they didn't know that in the entire green sand desert, there was a place that was more dangerous than the Red Moon Shrine here. Therefore, all the demons entering this earth city underwent varying degrees of transformation the moment they stepped in.

Some directly disappeared.

Some lost all their madness and smiled again, happily becoming residents of this earth city.

In the backyard of the apothecary in earth city, the heir had an additional hobby and Ning Yan also had an additional job.

That was to raise chicks.

In just eight days, there were more than 20 little chicks in the backyard. They were trembling as they ate, not daring to escape. There were even many times when they would hide in a corner, and the fear in their eyes was intense.

"Ah, do you guys not have eyes? Why come running here? Do you really want to become little chicks?" Ning Yan sighed, sprinkling feed as he shook his head in resignation.

He felt that cleaning the floor every day was hard enough, and now he had an additional job. So, he didn't have a good opinion of these little chicks. At this moment, he kicked one away and spat on the ground.

The kicked little chick showed anger in its eyes and made protesting sounds, but there was nothing it could do. Even though it was at the perfected stage of Nascent Soul realm and its master was the strongest in the Bitter Life Mountain Range, it was now just a little chick.

When he thought of his experiences, grief and indignation rose in the heart of the little chick. He didn't come here to vent his anger but on the orders of his master to investigate this mysterious apothecary. At the same time, he wanted to find out if Li Youfei was really here.

However, he didn't expect that he would lose consciousness as soon as he entered this earth city. When he regained his senses, he had actually turned into a little chick.

This made him extremely terrified. However, in his heart, his master was like a heavenly existence. Hence, he still felt that as long as his master appeared, he would definitely have a way to save him.

"After Master realizes that I didn't report on time, he will definitely know that something happened to me. Although this apothecary is mysterious, as long as Master comes, they will all die. After all, Master has the Red Moon Shrine behind him!"

"Especially this kid. I want to kill him personally!"

Just as the little chick gritted its teeth inwardly, Ning Yan kicked another one away and sighed.

"I wonder how Boss Xu is doing."

 "Ling'er cries every day and I don't know where Chen Erniu is. Only the elder still sits there and drinks tea every day…"

Ning Yan shook his head and rubbed his hands. After scattering the feed, he turned and left.

At the same time, in the green sand desert, Xu Qing sprinted forward like a wild beast.

His eyes were bloodshot and purple light flickered on his body. The hunger invaded all his understanding and transformed into terrifying fluctuations that continued to erupt from his body.

Gradually, it formed a storm that rumbled the world.

And in the imperfect fusion of the concealment of human nature and the influx of divinity, a vortex formed, like an abyss capable of devouring everything, engulfing Xu Qing within.

He lost his self-awareness, lost the understanding of things, or more accurately, lost the judgment of being human.

It was as though a gap had been opened in the shackles given by the concept of humans.

Amidst the endless release, Xu Qing sank.

To him, any existence in this world could be a part of food. The phrase 'beggars can't be choosers' perfectly described Xu Qing's current state.

Regardless of whether it was the ferocious beasts in the desert, the walking mushrooms, or the aura blowing in the wind, he could devour them all.

Also, the anomalous substances in the world became like nectar.

They seemed to possess their own will and came from all directions on their own. They cheered and surged into Xu Qing's body, nourishing his Poison Restriction and his Purple Moon.

Hence, not only did Xu Qing's body shine with purple light, but there was also a halo spreading out. That was the Poison Restriction.

As he moved forward, his body gradually transformed into a purple light. Wherever he went, all the sand and gravel on the ground turned into ashes, as if a god was walking on the earth.

As for the group of ferocious beasts in the distance, they seemed to have lost the concept of fleeing. They were trembling there and their actions were controlled by the fear that came from their souls and instincts.

They allowed Xu Qing to walk over. Under his gaze, they decayed and transformed into nutrients that surged into Xu Qing's body.

Occasionally, he would encounter powerful existences like mushrooms but even they couldn't escape fate's arrangements. As Xu Qing got closer, the anomalous substances in this area transformed into suppression that destroyed everything.

The sturdy outer shell offered no protection, unable to stop Xu Qing's footsteps.

He entered the creature's body, lifting his hands to grab pieces and crazily stuffing them into his mouth.

He even felt that it was a little slow to eat like this. Hence, mouths grew on his entire body and devoured them.

As for the left hand he had lost, it had long grown back. As long as Xu Qing felt that he needed it, it could be done with a thought. It was extremely simple.

The Purple Moon was active and the Poison Restriction was churning. The shadow was extremely afraid at this moment and the Diamond Sect's ancestor didn't dare to move.

"Forget me, forget me…"

The Diamond Sect's ancestor prayed inwardly. The shadow was the same.

They were afraid and this fear came from their very source of life.

They had seen Xu Qing's madness before but it had never made them feel despair like this.

This was because they could sense that Xu Qing would really devour them at this moment.

As long as he wanted to.

D132's god's finger was also afraid.

It woke up due to the stimulation. The instant It woke up, It was about to emit dissatisfied emotions. However, at the next instant, It sensed what was happening outside and Its mind stirred with monstrous rumbling.

It instantly restrained all Its aura and pretended to continue sleeping while trembling. However, the fear in Its heart couldn't be described with words.

"This, this, this… What the hell is going on!!"

"I only took a nap. How did it become like this?!"

The god's finger trembled and the horror in Its heart surged crazily. At that moment, It felt like It was facing the Crimson Goddess and the Ancient Spirit Emperor back then.

Xu Qing's hunger made It feel that the other party could eat It at any time.

This perception caused It to feel despair and endless indignation.

It felt that even gods had fates, and It must have suffered the backlash of fate, invaded by Its own authority of misfortune, reaching the utmost of ill luck.

"I've hidden from the main body for countless years, afraid of being devoured. But then, to avoid the Ancient Spirit Emperor, I had no choice but to cooperate with him. However, who can tell me what's going on? I hid until the end, hid in his stomach, yet he still wants to devour me!"

"No way, it's impossible for him to grow so fast. If he wants to reach this step, it should be many years later."

"And, he, like those who became gods by erasing their humanity and merging with divinity, relies on erasing his humanity to transition. This is different from noble beings like me, born as gods, so why am I terrified?"

"Also… his humanity is resisting divinity. Is he mad? Why resist? This is the reason why he fell into madness."

The god's finger was filled with grief and indignation. However, at that moment, Xu Qing's body paused as though he was listening.

After this pause, the shadow pretended to be dead and the Diamond Sect's ancestor shrank his head. D132's god's finger immediately closed Its eyes, not daring to move at all.

They were all praying inwardly.

"You can't see me, you can't remember me, forget me…"

Nervous emotions, anxiety, and uneasiness surfaced in their consciousness at the same time.

At the next moment, Xu Qing moved and headed straight for the distance. There… were even more delicious food there.

The shadow heaved a sigh of relief. The Diamond Sect's ancestor raised his trembling head. D132's god's finger was filled with sorrow.

"There's no point in resisting like this. If this guy continues like this, he'll only become a divine sinner. Moreover, he's a postnatal divine sinner."

"There's something wrong with him. Under normal circumstances, it's impossible for me to feel such a terrifying feeling from someone who is touching the divinity!"

"The feeling he gives me doesn't seem like that at all!"

"Damn it, what should I do, what should I do? Once he becomes a holy sinner, I'm finished. A divine sinner is a chaotic existence that can even eat itself clean when it's hungry!"

Just as D132 was feeling incomparably anxious, the insanity in Xu Qing's eyes intensified. He was getting closer and closer to the nourishment he sensed.

He could sense that the nourishment in front of him was unprecedentedly sweet, causing the desire in his heart to be incomparable. The feeling of hunger also rose to the extreme at this moment.

"Hungry… hungry…"

In front of him, on the desert, a individual stood there.

It was the captain!

He looked into the distance and watched the violet tempest rapidly approaching. His expression was no longer as casual as before and there was a uncommon solemnity in his eyes.

"Junior Brother…"































































Green sand desert.

The wind was like sharp blades hidden in the void, shattering the sand one after another and emitting sharp cries as it blew past Xu Qing and the captain.

After losing consciousness, Xu Qing, who was now in a frenzy, rushed over from afar. His speed was so fast that he instantly arrived 100 feet away from the captain.

As the word 'Junior Brother' echoed, Xu Qing's footsteps suddenly stopped 100 feet away.

His eyes were red and filled with chaos as he stared fixedly at the figure in front of him. When this figure entered his vision, there was a struggle in his eyes and he sobered up for a moment.

The confrontation between human nature and divinity also became extremely intense at this moment. Xu Qing trembled. He recognized his eldest senior brother but he couldn't control the hunger in his body.

"Eldest Senior Brother…"

Xu Qing's voice was hoarse. The instant he spoke, the abyss formed by the confrontation between human nature and divinity swallowed him again. Xu Qing let out a painful wail and turned to head into the distance!

He actually restrained himself from getting close to Eldest Senior Brother!

This scene caused Chen Erniu's expression to change.

He understood Xu Qing and also understood the pain Xu Qing was enduring at this moment. Hence, he was well aware what it meant to restrain oneself in this state…

This both indicated Xu Qing's exceptional qualities and emphasized his own immense significance in the eyes of the other.

Chen Erniu's heart warmed.

"Silly kid."

He smiled and shook his head. After that, he took a deep breath. At the next instant, a face appeared in his eyes. When the eyes of the face opened, there was still a face in its pupils.

One after another, under the endlessness, a blue light rose from the captain's body. His body swayed and he instantly disappeared.



When he appeared, he was already in front of Xu Qing.

Xu Qing's expression distorted as Chen Erniu spoke softly.

"Junior Brother, if you're hungry, eat."

With that, he lifted his hand and placed it in front of Xu Qing.

Xu Qing's body trembled. He lifted his head and stared at his eldest senior brother in front of him. The desire that came from his life's instinct, the vortex that came from the confrontation between human nature and divinity, completely erupted at this moment.

He suddenly opened his mouth and bit the captain's arm.

Blood dripped as he tore the flesh and swallowed.

As he ate, Xu Qing's body felt comforted. However, his heart was in pain. He wanted to control himself. He didn't want this to happen.

However, the envelopment of the abyss made it impossible for him to do so. Hence, his expression became sinister and crazier as he whimpered.

That was the resistance of human nature!

The captain smiled and spoke softly.

"Little Qing, don't be afraid."

As he spoke, the captain allowed Xu Qing to devour his left hand. He then lifted his right hand and stroked Xu Qing's hair, hugging his body in his arms.

"Eat, eat more. This matter should have been done by the old man. However, who asked me to be your eldest senior brother? I can do it too."

"Eat, eat until you're full. We still have big things to do."

Xu Qing's body trembled and the struggle in his eyes grew even more intense. An extremely terrifying thought appeared in his mind.

He wanted to… completely devour this Eldest Senior Brother in front of him without leaving anything. He wanted to eat him up completely.

More importantly, in these few days, since humanity and divinity fused, this was the first time he felt another type of desire other than hunger.

That was the thirst for blood!

 He wanted to suck the captain's blood dry!

When this thought rose, Xu Qing felt an extreme pain in his heart.

He didn't want to!

At this moment, his devouring action suddenly paused.

Xu Qing let out a whimper. A few breaths later, the purple light on his entire body erupted, forming an overwhelming force that forcefully pushed the captain's body hundreds of feet away.

Looking at the captain's arm that had already been half-eaten by him, the struggle in Xu Qing's eyes grew even more intense. He abruptly lifted his right hand and directly put it into his mouth, pulling out the flesh he had swallowed piece by piece.

As for those that had made their way into his stomach, Xu Qing decisively cut open his abdomen, reaching in with his left hand, and extracting them piece by piece.

Blood splattered all over the ground.

What was strange was that the blood… was like beads, rolling on the ground. Xu Qing's sinister face appeared on each of them.

As Xu Qing dug out the flesh he had swallowed, he struggled intensely. The collision of human nature and divinity was unprecedentedly intense at this moment.

The captain stood in the distance and looked at Xu Qing. His expression revealed a hint of heartache but he didn't move.

He knew that… only by awakening Xu Qing's humanity could he truly overcome the trial of touching divinity.

"Back then…" The captain's mind recalled the past when he was sealed. A hint of pain surfaced in his eyes.

A while later, following Xu Qing's actions, more and more blood appeared. Finally, this blood actually formed a totem on its own outside his body.

From the sky, one could see that this totem was a face.

That face covered its eyes with a pained expression. Its entire body was blood-red, as though blood was continuously flowing.

Its form was like that of Crimson Goddess.

But the appearance was of Xu Qing!

However, at the center of the totem, Xu Qing, who was continuously digging out flesh, was struggling intensely. This was because he discovered that the thought of devouring his eldest senior brother hadn't disappeared.

As for Eldest Senior Brother's missing left arm, it caused his pain to erupt continuously.

Finally, Xu Qing let out a roar that didn't sound human. He then turned and sped into the distance at full speed.

He wanted to take advantage of the rise of human nature and leave this place. He was about to be unable to suppress the hunger and it made him go crazy. He wanted to leave this place and go somewhere else to devour everything.

His vision was blurry and his world was distorted. The divinity was indifferently telling him that everything that was beneficial to evolution had to be done.

Beastly nature was a weapon that was released under the control of divinity.

However, human nature kept reminding him of his dignity and bottom line as a human.

There were some things that couldn't be done.

Some people couldn't be given up.

Some wills had to persevere even in death!

Xu Qing quickly left.

As he left, the face pattern formed by the droplets of blood on the ground rose and whistled behind him, emitting divine might.

The captain silently looked at Xu Qing's back view and followed.

Time flowed by and Xu Qing didn't stop running. The captain's appearance ignited the struggle in his heart. Amidst the fusion of human nature and divinity, his madness far exceeded what it used to be.

"Who I am… isn't important."

"No, this is very important. I'm Xu Qing!"

"My past isn't important anymore."

"Very important!"

"The people I meet in my life are just food."

"No!!"

In Xu Qing's heart, two different consciousnesses gradually appeared amidst the struggle and roars. Among these two consciousnesses, one was indifferent and the other was in pain.

The indifferent consciousness was divinity and the carrier was the bloody face behind Xu Qing.

The painful consciousness was human nature and the carrier was Xu Qing's unwillingness to give up.

During this process, the other nascent souls of his didn't change but the power of the Purple Moon on his body continued to erupt.

Unknowingly, the Purple Moon Nascent Soul had already reached the perfected third tribulation, but the tribulation actually didn't descend. It allowed his Purple Moon Nascent Soul to continue rising until it reached the fourth tribulation and reached the perfected fourth tribulation.

It continued until the fifth tribulation!

It still erupted and reached the great circle of the fifth tribulation!

It still didn't stop and broke through amidst the rumbling.

His Purple Moon Nascent Soul directly stepped into the Dao Nurturing realm!

Outside Xu Qing's body, amidst the intertwining purple lights, an illusory purple secret repository appeared faintly and descended.

Or rather, this wasn't a secret repository. This was… a divine repository formed by the power of the god!

At this moment, the sky lost color and the desert churned.

As the power of the Purple Moon expanded, Xu Qing's struggles began to weaken. His humanity was rapidly dimming. The feeling of hunger was about to replace everything and his thirst for blood was about to conquer everything.

The face formed by the blood behind him seemed to be smiling, an indifferent smile.

It was going to win.

At this moment, a sudden change occurred!

Xu Qing suddenly stopped in his tracks. He stood up there and looked 100 feet in front of him. His entire body seemed to be covered in countless goosebumps, spreading and quivering.

His mind churned with unprecedented waves.

It was as though what he saw 100 feet away attracted all his thoughts and understanding.

It was an iron box.

The metal box contained some blood-red soil, and in the soil…

A flower was blooming!

The only distinctive feature is the noticeable serration along the edges of its leaves. It has a total of seventeen leaves, and in the center of each leaf, there is a strange symbol formed by threads.

This symbol gazed like a face. Some were crying and some were laughing.

After Xu Qing saw this plant, it was as though millions of lightning bolts had collapsed in his mind at the same time and surged into his entire body. His soul seemed to be tearing apart.

Countless scenes and countless memories rapidly rose from the unimportant places in his mind, occupying everything.

"The heavenfate flower, also known as the life-extension blaze and the divine spirit grass. It is a mutated variant of the divine-class plant, compound wood. According to records, there are a total of 73 variants, but only the first variant can be used in medicine. It grows in any area within a forbidden zone, but there are no rules to dictate where it might be found. It is extremely rare.

"Its effects consist of regenerating broken limbs and even reigniting one's life force. Other than soul injuries, it can cure everything."

Xu Qing walked over trembling and knelt in front of the plant. He then lifted his hand and gently stroked it.

"Heavenfate flower…"

He had searched for many years but still couldn't find it… the heavenfate flower that could extend Captain Lei's life back then.

"Captain Lei…"

Tears rolled down from Xu Qing's eyes, tracing his cheeks and falling onto the sandy ground, leaving darkened spots like ink stains.

This was the tears of human nature.

The blood-red face behind him collapsed, transforming into countless drops of blood that gushed in through the wound on Xu Qing's body.

In the distance, the captain stood there and silently observed all of this. His tense heart finally relaxed and a smile emerged on his face.

A person quietly emerged beside him. It was the heir.

"I believe it now. Your master is definitely not an ordinary person."

The heir gazed at Xu Qing in the distance and voiced softly.

"Either he's the reincarnation of an expert from my era, or he's one of the most outstanding people in the later generations after the ancient sovereign left."

"The old man is average and can't be compared to Senior. If Senior takes in a disciple, I'll be the first to register." The captain changed his tone to flattering and fawning.

The heir glanced at the captain's expression. He didn't believe anything this person said.

"I'm just a little curious. Did you and Xu Qing take the initiative to find your master, or did your master find you?"































































"Speaking of it…" The captain's expression revealed a touch of pride. Instinctively, he took out a peach, ready to eat, but he noticed that the heir was staring at him.

He blinked and took out a pear, handing it to the prince.

"Elder, do you want to eat one?"

The heir was expressionless.

The captain smiled awkwardly and kept the pear. He then coughed.

"Speaking of which, of course, the old man took the initiative to find me. At that time, I was wearing open-crotch pants and playing with mud with the little sisters from the neighbor's house. The old man appeared and disturbed my good time. He also touched my bones and said that he was my fated person, so he kidnapped me."

"As for Little Qing, he took the initiative to find master. He's different from me."

The heir glanced at the captain. He understood that this kid had actively sought out the master, and it was only under shameless persistence that he had been accepted. So, he was about to speak.

However, at this moment, the heir sensed something and lifted his head to look at the place where Xu Qing was in the distance.

The captain quickly sensed it and looked over as well.

In the dim world, Xu Qing stood silently amidst the green sandstorm and looked at the heavenfate flower in front of him.

He knew that Eldest Senior Brother had placed this box here.

He also understood that the person who knew about his past must be his master. In that case, the appearance of this heavenfate flower wasn't sudden.

Master had already expected everything.

Xu Qing carefully and slowly picked up the iron box. Looking at the flower inside, he couldn't help but think of that old man from the scavenger campsite again.

"Captain Lei, I've finally found the heavenfate flower…"

Xu Qing mumbled and closed his eyes.



As the blood-red face behind him collapsed and the endless blood qi gushed in through the pores of his entire body, he could vaguely hear the unwilling sigh of divinity.

Human nature also continued to return as tears fell.

This flower was like an anchor.

It made all his confusion find a source of stability, made all his bewilderment have stable markers, and even more, it concretized his humanity. From then on, it transformed into something like a rock, unbreakable.

All the memories that were originally important and then became unimportant became important again.

The scenes when he was young, the scenes of the Seven Blood Eyes, and his experience in Fenghai County…

All of them appeared again and they were even more profound.

He confirmed his name and the people and things he couldn't give up on.

His divinity was being concealed and his beastly nature was being suppressed.

A long, long time passed.

Xu Qing opened his eyes, sadness evident in his gaze. He had completely awakened.

The chaos disappeared.

Hunger was gone.

The instant he woke up, he felt the difference in his body. Boundless physical strength was circulating in his body, emitting a terrifying aura and terrifying fluctuations.

In the past, it was very difficult for him to completely control the god's body. Now, his compatibility with it had reached an unprecedented height.

From this moment on, this body no longer belonged to the god's finger.

Hence, the increase in combat strength would be even more terrifying.

After that, Xu Qing sensed the divine repository formed by the power of the Purple Moon and also the traces of divinity that had once dominated his consciousness.

 It was a golden rune that was imprinted in the core of life.

It could be activated again at any time.

Compared to these, Xu Qing's experience this time was the most precious thing.

He felt the loss of his humanity. He had experienced the madness of a beast and the indifference of divinity.

In the end, he found his own anchor.

It restrained the frenzied beastly nature and hid the indifferent divinity, allowing human nature to return and become the leader.

"This process is touching divinity."

The heir's voice rang out from behind and entered Xu Qing's ears.

Xu Qing fell silent.

"Little Qing, after this experience, did you sense your authority?" The captain's voice was filled with curiosity as it echoed in all directions.

Xu Qing turned his head and looked behind him.

He saw the heir and the captain.

"Eldest Senior Brother, Senior." Xu Qing's voice was hoarse. His gaze landed on the captain's arm that had lost a lot of flesh and blood.

The place he had bitten seemed to be very special. Even with the captain's recovery ability, it hadn't completely healed.

Noticing Xu Qing's gaze, the captain instinctively placed his left hand behind his back and smiled indifferently, urging and looking forward to it.

The heir wanted to shake his head. He didn't believe that one could grasp authority with the first attempt to touch the divine; generally, it took multiple tries. However, recalling Xu Qing's comprehension, he restrained the motion of shaking his head.

'This kid's comprehension ability is too monstrous… I should wait and see first.'

Xu Qing glanced at the heir and then stared into his eldest senior brother's eyes. Waves rose in his heart. After that, he recalled his instincts when his senses had become chaotic.

However, at that time, he was in an unconscious state, so he needed time to carefully experience this memory.

Time flowed by. After about thirty minutes, Xu Qing frowned.

He recalled that previously, other than hunger, he had an even stronger thirst for blood. However, this was a little different from the god's authority he had imagined.

When the captain saw Xu Qing's expression, he coughed with a hint of pride on his face.

"Although the likelihood of experiencing authority on the first attempt of touching divinity is minimal, Little Qing, Senior Brother is a bit disappointed in you. But don't be discouraged; you're still young. Work hard, and I believe you can succeed like me on the second try."

The heir's gaze fell on Xu Qing, and in his mind, he wasn't sure if he breathed a sigh of relief or sighed. He spoke slowly.

"Let's go. We should return."

As he spoke, the heir walked forward, about to leave.

However, at that moment, Xu Qing hesitated.

"I think I feel it… but I'm not sure."

As he spoke, Xu Qing followed the feeling in his heart and lifted his right hand, waving it gently forward…

Drops of blood instantly flowed out of the pores on his body. Every drop of blood seemed to have a will and Xu Qing's face appeared on them.

They gathered together and spun around Xu Qing, gradually forming a blood-red vortex.

This scene caused the captain's eyes to widen and the heir stopped in his tracks.

A rumbling sound echoed as the blood-red vortex grew larger and larger until it transformed into a blood-red lake that enveloped the surroundings. At the same time, a huge face appeared in the blood-red lake.

It was Xu Qing's face.

It was still indifferent, but what was different from before was that It was… controllable.

"I don't know if this is an authority or not. The trace of origin I plundered back then contained… blood."

Xu Qing looked at the captain and the heir as he spoke softly.

The heir's heart stirred and the captain's expression changed. He could sense that as the blood-red vortex appeared, especially the moment that face appeared, the blood in his body actually showed signs of losing control.

It was as though… as long as Xu Qing willed it, the blood in his body could instantly erupt and be controlled by the other party.

This was indeed the case. At that moment, Xu Qing could sense with his perception that there were countless fluctuations of blood in this desert.

As long as he wanted to, he could extract all the blood within his range.

"It's not just control…"

Xu Qing mumbled and closed his eyes. At the next instant, the blood-red vortex in his surroundings rumbled and drowned him. He rose into the air and transformed into a sea of blood. A divine repository was faintly discernible inside.

A terrifying pressure descended on the ground. This sea of blood also continued to surge and land on the ground.

With a boom, the green desert turned blood-red. Countless drops of blood gushed into the ground and spread in all directions. One kilometer, five kilometers, fifty kilometers…

In the end, its coverage reached 250 kilometers.

The desert within this 250-kilometer area was completely red. All the ferocious beasts inside wailed the moment they came into contact with the blood. Their bodies instantly collapsed and turned into a part of the blood.

There were also several giant mushrooms comparable to the Dao Nurturing ones, all trembling and disintegrating. Among them, one rose with its roots that formed the outline of a giant, attempting to escape but was engulfed by the erupting sea of blood from the ground, becoming a part of it.

The feeling of hunger once again surfaced in Xu Qing's heart. His thirst for blood also returned. He wanted to consume a larger area and spread it out.

However, the restraints of human nature made him understand that this was his current limit. If he continued, with his current ability, he would lose control again.

Hence, at the next instant, all the blood rapidly returned and formed Xu Qing's figure in front of the heir and captain.

This figure was blurry at first but it quickly became clear. Countless drops of blood were rising from the ground and continued to gather.

Gradually, his grayish-white hair turned black and his shriveled body returned to normal.

The successor lifted his right hand and grabbed lightly. Immediately, a drop of blood flew over from the sea of blood around Xu Qing and landed in his hand.

Xu Qing's face appeared in the blood and looked at the successor indifferently.

The heir's eyes narrowed. He could tell that this drop of blood indeed contained more than just the power of the Crimson Goddess' authority.

Authority was a power unique to every god. They were different and unique.

"This is the Red Moon's origin?!"

The heir's heart instantly churned. He was very clear that under the intentional guidance of the Crimson Goddess, the world had mixed Red Moon with the Crimson Goddess. However, in reality… Red Moon came first, and the Crimson Goddess came later.

Red Moon had existed for so long that it was there when Wanggu was born.

As for the Crimson Goddess… she became a god after the fragmented-face arrived.

The reason why the Crimson Goddess lived in the Red Moon was because She was continuously plundering and occupying the Red Moon, becoming the Red Moon. This was the path of the Crimson Goddess to becoming a god.

Her authority was obtained through this process.

Stealing the authority of the Crimson Goddess was equivalent to obtaining the power of Her comprehension. It was like eating something digested by others. However, Xu Qing… wasn't like this.

If one didn't compare strength, to a certain extent, it could be uttered that from the moment he comprehended the blood, he and the Crimson Goddess were walking the same path!

Their target, regardless of whether it was active or passive, was Red Moon.

These thoughts caused the heir's heart to tremble endlessly. However, he instinctively maintained his composure and calmly spoke.

"Not bad. It's the same as my judgment."

"A drop of blood can reconstruct the body and soul."

"A drop of blood, capable of infinite growth."

"Xu Qing, when you turn all your blood purple, you'll grasp even more authority over blood. Maybe one day… the Red Moon in the sky will also turn purple for you."

"Now, your cultivation can come to an end. Go back and rest. In seven days… I'll bring you to a place to meet someone."

The heir's expression was calm and his words were unfathomable, as though everything was within his expectations.

After saying that, he walked forward. With a wave of his hand, he released his fingers. The drop of blood returned and landed on Xu Qing's glabella, which had already recovered, merging into it.

Xu Qing opened his eyes and looked at the captain.

The leader forced a smile. He felt so much pressure. The feeling Xu Qing gave Xu Qing at this moment was much greater than before.

'This is his first attempt at touching divinity and he actually grasped the authority! I was just saying it casually just now. Moreover, this authority…'

The leader took a deep breath and thought to himself, 'This won't do. I still have to continue undoing the seal!'

He thought so inwardly but he could only force himself to maintain his calm.

"Not bad, not bad. It's the same as me back then. Haha…"

As he spoke, the leader quickened his pace and caught up to the heir.

Xu Qing nodded and followed the two of them.

As usual, the green-colored sandstorm whistled over.

As the sky turned red, the dim sky also became brighter than before.

It reflected on Xu Qing and the other two, leaving a blurry shadow on the ground.

They moved further and further away.































































In the Bitter Life Mountain Range, outside the earth city's apothecary, Wu Jianwu gazed at the bustling street, observing the residents coming and going. The poetic inspiration in his heart had also surged in these past few days.

"Medicine, medicine, medicine, like drifting willow catkins. If you want to sleep well, come and buy medicine quickly!"

Wu Jianwu shouted loudly. Li Youfei, who was at the side, hurriedly shouted.

"Young master, what a great poem!"

Wu Jianwu laughed. Just as he was about to continue, Ling'er, who was in the apothecary, rushed past him like the wind. At the next instant, the figures of Xu Qing and the other two appeared on the distant street.

Ling'er directly pounced into Xu Qing's arms.

"Brother Xu Qing, you're finally back…"

Ling'er's eyes turned red. These few days, she had been worried day and night. The anxiety in her heart caused her to lose all interest in counting the profits, which she usually liked to do.

Seeing that Xu Qing was fine, her worried heart finally relaxed.

Xu Qing smiled and patted Ling'er's head before looking at the apothecary.

After a few days, he felt like he had experienced the passage of many years. Now that he had returned, he sighed with emotion inwardly.

"Little Nether, Big Butt, I'm back. Why aren't you coming over to hug me?" The captain at the side walked into the apothecary and spoke loudly.

Nether Fairy, who was squatting there boiling water, felt nauseous at the words. The inner restlessness, which had just calmed down for several days, immediately erupted upon hearing Erniu's voice.

'Sooner or later, I'll kill this b*stard and chew him up bit by bit!!'

The heir looked at all of this and smiled. He liked the warm atmosphere in this apothecary very much, so he sat on his usual chair and picked up his teacup to drink.

The parrot also swiftly arrived, landing on the heir's shoulder. It felt relieved in its heart, but as it lowered its head and glanced at its red flesh body that had lost a lot of feathers again, a sense of sorrow and indignation surged within it once more.



"Grandpa, a few days ago, I encountered bad people again. I couldn't see who they were. They trapped me in a bag. It was outrageous! They didn't hit me; they just pulled out my feathers through the bag!"

Ning Yan lowered his head and continued to wipe the ground with great force. However, after a few wipes, he noticed Xu Qing and stopped in his tracks, revealing a surprised expression.

"Boss, you… why do you give a different feeling from before?"

When Ning Yan spoke, Wu Jianwu also looked over, and Li Youfei cast his gaze as well. However, both of them were a bit puzzled and couldn't discern any changes. The only thing they felt was that Xu Qing seemed to be more crystalline than before.

He was clearly not a crystal, but the sensation of being crystalline still emerged from the depths of their hearts.

Ling'er was also curious.

The captain smiled but didn't say anything. He looked smug.

Xu Qing also didn't say anything. After his gaze swept past the apothecary, he sensed the chicks in the courtyard.

"They came here on their own," Ling'er said softly.

Xu Qing nodded. After catching up with everyone, he returned to the back room.

Here, he sat down cross-legged and took a deep breath. He recalled his experience this time and slowly closed his eyes, sensing the authority he had obtained and the Purple Moon Divine Repository.

"Now, just my Purple Moon Divine Repository can suppress the Dao Nurturing… However, I still can't integrate the Poison Restriction into my gaze. Only when I'm under the control of divinity can I do so."

"However, the authority seems to have more effects that can be used…"

"Also, the strength of my body and the power of the Purple Moon transformed into a divine repository, so my other nascent souls are a little unbalanced compared to it."

"The drawback of this imbalance isn't small. If I can't strengthen the other nascent souls as soon as possible, I'm afraid it will cause a siphon effect. The other nascent souls will gradually wither."

Xu Qing fell silent.

Time slowly passed just like that.

Seven days later, the date the heir mentioned arrived. He was going to take Xu Qing somewhere.

Before they left, in the courtyard, the heir gave Xu Qing a gray iron ball.

 "Tie this iron ball around your waist with your Purple Moon power. Remember not to take it down unless it's absolutely necessary."

Xu Qing glanced at the iron ball. He vaguely felt that this item was a little familiar, so he lifted his hand and took it.

However, the instant he grabbed it, an extremely huge force emitted from the iron ball. Its weight was astonishing and Xu Qing's right hand instantly sank while his body rumbled.

At the next instant, Xu Qing instinctively activated the god's body in his shock. Amidst the rumbling sounds, a tall figure of about 200 feet appeared in the courtyard.

Only then could he barely hold the iron ball.

However, the weight from the iron ball didn't only affect Xu Qing's body but also his nascent souls. Apart from his soul, at this moment, everything was bearing this weight.

This caused his body to sink uncontrollably into the mountain rocks on the ground.

Cracks spread from under him, and half of Xu Qing's body sank deep into the ground. The surrounding chicks panicked, flying in all directions, leaving a pile of chicken feathers on the ground.

Xu Qing was moved.

He recognized this iron ball.

This item was the sun he and the captain had fished out on the shore of the Sacrificial Yin.

The old man was inside this iron ball at that time.

"This…" Xu Qing took a deep breath and looked at the heir.

"I'm lending you this thing. On the way, you cannot use the god's body to share the burden. The power of the Purple Moon can only be used to tie it to you. You need to constantly rely on the other nascent souls besides the Purple Moon to bear the weight."

"In this way, it won't let the rapid expansion of your Purple Moon suppress the other nascent souls, causing your cultivation progress to slow down."

"Alright, I'll wait for you at the entrance of the apothecary. You have to walk out step by step and control your strength. Otherwise, if the apothecary collapses, it'll be your problem."

The heir calmly spoke and walked into the main hall with his hands behind his back.

Beside the door, other than Wu Jianwu, there was someone else.

This was an old man. He was tall and had a dignified appearance. He stood there like a gate god and had an extraordinary aura. In particular, one could see thread-like Dao marks flowing in his eyes.

This was the sign of a first stage Nihility cultivator!

However, this first stage Nihility old man was wearing the staff's rough hemp clothes as he followed beside Wu Jianwu.

Under Wu Jianwu's disdain, his face was filled with grief and indignation as he spoke.

"Medicine, medicine, medicine, like drifting willow catkins…"

His voice was filled with sorrow and contained a sense of hopelessness. As it echoed in all directions, the old man saw the heir walking out.

His body trembled and he hurriedly put away all his grief and indignation. His face revealed incomparable respect and his mind was filled with fear. He lowered his head and greeted.

"Senior!"

The heir nodded and didn't bother with him. He stood there and looked at the sky, waiting for Xu Qing.

Wu Jianwu blinked and recited the poem even more diligently. As for the old man, he was trembling in fear and hurriedly repeated Wu Jianwu's poem. However, fear kept rising in his heart.

He thought of three days ago…

Three days ago, he was still the number one expert among the rogue cultivators in this Bitter Life Mountain Range. He was respectfully known as the Ancestor Mogui and even had some connections with the Red Moon Shrine.

The appearance of the Red Moon in the sky made him completely decide to side with the Red Moon Shrine.

However, all of this changed with the disappearance of his disciple's investigation of this apothecary.

Through what had happened in the past, he knew that this apothecary wasn't simple. Hence, he, who would seek revenge for the smallest grievance, forcefully endured it and didn't act rashly when he heard that Li Youfei had appeared here.

Even when his disciple went missing, he didn't come personally.

Instead, inside the Red Moon Shrine in the Bitter Life Mountain Range, he cast a spell, preparing to remotely stir up a divine technique, to see what kind of existence was hidden here.

However, he never expected that he would lose consciousness halfway through the spell.

When he woke up, he appeared in the backyard of the apothecary and became a chick. He saw his disciple…

This terrified him greatly. This was because he was very clear that he had cast the spell in the Red Moon Shrine. However, even so, such a bizarre scene had actually appeared.

What shocked him even more was the heir.

With just a glance, he knew that the other party was a living Soul Accumulation cultivator. This realization caused endless storms in his mind. Fear was like the sea, drowning everything in his mind.

After that, under his bitter pleading and the suggestion of the girl named Ling'er that they lacked a greeter, he became the second greeter in this apothecary.

Amidst the bitterness of the Ancestor Mogui, in the backyard of the apothecary, Xu Qing struggled to pull himself up from the ground.

Throughout the entire process, he was extremely careful, trying his best not to let his feet sink into the ground again. However, this simple action was very difficult for him at this moment.

The weight of the iron ball was too astonishing.

A long time later, Xu Qing barely got used to it. He endured the discomfort of his nascent souls and slowly retracted his god body, causing it to shrink from 200 feet to 100 feet.

As the body shrank, the shared force also decreased. Therefore, the next instant, with a thud, Xu Qing's body destroyed the ground again, sinking into it.

After a long time, he barely crawled out with a face covered in dust. Other than Purple Moon, the other 12 nascent souls in his body were all transmitting a heart-wrenching intent and were all erupting crazily.

This was especially so for the Golden Crow.

"This method is indeed effective." After Xu Qing perceived it, his eyes gleamed.

As long as it was effective, he would continue.

Hence, he continued to adapt and endure. After two hours, Xu Qing felt that he could do it. Hence, he shrunk his body again to 50 feet.

However, in the blink of an eye, a rumbling sound echoed.

His body disappeared and a large pit appeared on the ground.

Just like that, when it was almost nighttime, Xu Qing barely managed to return to normal after experiencing many falls.

With the iron ball tied to his waist, he moved forward slowly like a puppet.

He went all out with every step and controlled it to the extreme. A large amount of sweat flowed from his forehead.

Finally, with each step he took, the ground echoed with thuds, and the apothecary violently shook, dust flying. Amidst the stunned gazes of Ling'er, Ning Yan, Nether Fairy, and others, Xu Qing strolled into the apothecary's main hall.

Behind him were foot-deep footprints and countless cracks.

The iron kettle that was boiling water also fell down. More than half of the counter in front of Ling'er shattered.

Ning Yan was filled with grief and indignation. He was responsible for wiping the ground…

Xu Qing glanced at him apologetically and tried his best to walk out of the apothecary.

The instant he strolled out, the apothecary behind him emitted a creaking sound. It was clearly a little crooked.

"Senior." Xu Qing was expressionless as he looked at the heir.

The heir peeked at the apothecary and smiled before walking into the distance.

"Let's go."

Xu Qing glimpsed at the heir who left nimbly and silently strolled behind him. Booming sounds echoed and the ground trembled. The surrounding houses were shaking and a row of deep footprints kept appearing…

"Senior, where are we going?"

"Not far, just within the Bitter Life Mountain Range. I am taking you to meet someone you've met before—my third sister."

"Back then, she chose to recuperate here."

The heir strolled in front and his voice rang out leisurely.

"Some time ago, she told me that some flies were flying around outside. I told her not to kill them and kept them for you as an experiment to verify your authority."

Xu Qing nodded when he heard this. He had always been a little puzzled about the heir choosing to come to the Bitter Life Mountain Range. He guessed that other than training him, the other party must have other reasons.

Now that he knew the reason, he wasn't surprised.

He only felt that it was strange. Why… did everyone choose the Bitter Life Mountain Range?

The captain was like this, and so was Princess Mingmei.

As he pondered, rumbling sounds echoed in the Bitter Life Mountain Range in the night.

It was very difficult for Xu Qing to fly. He could only move forward on the ground. From time to time, when he passed by some fragile places, he wouldn't be able to control himself and directly fall into them…

Every time at this moment, the heir would squat beside the deep pit and examine it.































































"He fell down again."

The heir squatted outside the pit and calmly spoke.

Xu Qing stayed in the pit and didn't make a sound. He lowered his head and glanced at the place he was at.

This was a hollow cave abode.

It was already abandoned.

There were many cave abodes like this in the Bitter Life Mountain Range. Most of them were places of refuge dug out by cultivators from ancient times.

One couldn't see it from outside. Only someone with Xu Qing's weight could personally experience these caves that were not far from the surface.

"There are many similar caves in this mountain range. You'll have to crawl out of them."

Outside the pit, the heir glanced at Xu Qing, feeling a sense of relief in his heart. Seeing Xu Qing in such a disordered state seemed to evoke an inexplicable warmth in him.

This reminded him of when he was young, when his father tied the sun to his waist and he fell down as he walked.

"He's missing a hat."

The heir muttered to himself. When he was young, not only did he have the sun on his waist, but he also had a hat on his head that put a load on his soul.

Seeing that Xu Qing didn't, the heir felt some regret.

Xu Qing lifted his head in the deep pit and glanced at the heir. He silently circulated the other nascent souls in his body other than the Purple Moon to share the pressure and weight from the sun.



He crawled out bit by bit.

This feeling was like he wanted to rise into the air with all his might, but the envelopment of the sun's power put an extreme burden on him. Even if he went all out, he could only barely maintain his balance.

Xu Qing wasn't unfamiliar with such an experience.

Back then, he had a similar feeling in the Fenghai County's Prison Department. However, at that time, he was being squeezed by a small world.

From the name, it looked like the small world would be heavier than this sun iron ball. However, Xu Qing's instinct told him that it was exactly the opposite.

This reminded him of what the captain had told him about the origins of the sun iron ball.

This was the first man-made sun in the Moon Worship Region. It came from the era of the ruler and a long time had passed since then. As for who created it, there were no records.

"Experience the suppression of this little thing properly. This is a toy given to me by the ancient sovereign back then." The heir looked at Xu Qing, who had climbed out with great difficulty, and calmly spoke.

When Xu Qing heard this, he lowered his head and glanced at the iron ball on his waist.

"Senior, other than this pressure and weight, does this item possess any other effects?"

The heir stood up and walked forward. His voice drifted over.

"Back then, when it was still a star, it had other powers. It could use the immortal net that enveloped the entire Wanggu Continent to release destructive power. As for now… with the departure of the ancient sovereign and the collapse of the immortal net, its effect has become weak."

His voice was filled with reminiscence, containing the vicissitudes of time.

Xu Qing fell into deep thought and followed behind. The entire way… explosions rang out.

The wind howled, following the two as they went away, also carrying their voices in all directions, blending into the surroundings.

"Senior, I heard that the place the ancient sovereign went to is called holy land?"

"Is a place where a group of cowards gather worthy of being called holy? The ancient sovereign… became old, and once one is old, they start cherishing their lives."

"Oh, then where is the land of cowards?"

"Haha, according to the human calendar, every year on the twelfth of June, if you look to the north in the sky, there will be a star different from usual. That's the nearest coward's land to Wanggu."

"How many land of cowards are there?"

"There are as many as the number of ancient sovereigns and rulers who left. If you count them, with all the races combined, there are over a hundred. The ancient sovereign also offered one to my father, but we refused."

 The night accompanied the roar, mixed with the words of an old and a young person, gradually fading away.

The morning arrived.

The spreading of the Red Moon's light on the horizon, although bringing the countdown to demise to the world, ultimately brought a different light to the sky of the Moon Worship Region.

Even if it was blood light.

So, in the early morning, the Bitter Life Mountain Range, after the emergence of magical lights in several areas, also took on a faint blood-red hue.

With the help of this faint light, one could see the end of the Bitter Life Mountain Range. There was a special mountain there.

This mountain was as high as the mountains of the Bitter Life Mountain Range, connected to it, but as Xu Qing approached, he noticed that this mountainous structure seemed not to be a mountain.

It was more like a huge tree that had turned into a mountain.

Below the tree crown, everything was drowned in the desert. As for the tree crown, it was filled with sand and rocks, turning into a mountain peak.

"This tree is called the Joyful Travel Tree. It can be considered one of the mutant trees from primordial times," the heir said calmly as he looked at the mountain formed by the giant tree.

"Trees like this are abundant in the region, and not many people pay much attention. Even fewer know that this particular one was planted in secret by my third sister.

Back then, I was the one who accompanied her here to bear witness.

But now… things have changed. This tree has also withered for many years."

Xu Qing looked at the mountain in the distance. He noticed that in the surroundings of the mountain, there were some red-robed practitioners circling around like flies, as though they were investigating.

Most of them were Nascent Soul cultivators, there was also a Dao Nurturing expert, and a Spirit Repository.

They came from the Shrine of the Red Moon in the Bitter Life Mountain Range.

"There was originally a Nihility divine envoy, but he should have been eaten by Third Sister."

"I'll leave the rest for you to experience your own authority."

"When Third Sister and I come out, I hope you have already cleaned them up."

As the heir spoke, his body blurred and he disappeared from Xu Qing's side, entering the mountain ahead.

Xu Qing cast a quick look at the iron ball on his waist and closed his eyes. At the next instant, as the Purple Moon's power circulated, drops of blood spread out from his body, enveloping the surroundings. Very soon, Xu Qing's entire person transformed into a blood-red vortex.































































As this vortex rumbled and rotated, it drowned his figure, forming a blood-red lake that rapidly spread forward.

Wherever it passed, boulders would be submerged and vegetation would be dyed red. The blood lake exuded an eerie and ominous aura. As it spread, it gradually became a shocking sight and attracted the attention of the Red Moon cultivators on the mountain.

"What is this!"

The instant those Red Moon cultivators looked over, their bodies trembled to varying degrees.

This trembling came from the instinct of life, from their faith, and even more from the flow of blood throughout the body.

Their blood was going out of control!

It seemed to possess will and life as it fought to rush out.

If their internal organs blocked it, it would break through them. If their flesh and skin stopped it, the flesh and skin would collapse. If their souls blocked it, the soul would be destroyed.

It was as though Xu Qing couldn't be looked at directly at this moment!

Hence, the moment they saw him, more than ten Red Moon Nascent Soul cultivators let out mournful cries. Their bodies directly shattered into pieces and a large amount of blood flowed out.

It seemed to be cheering as it headed straight for the blood-red lake on the ground.

This scene instantly caused the Red Moon cultivators in charge of investigating this place to be extremely shocked. They instinctively retreated and tried to suppress their blood but they couldn't do it. As they retreated, they collapsed one after another.

From afar, blood-red flowers bloomed in the sky.

The old Dao Nurturing expert among these cultivators also had a shocked expression. His body was also trembling and his blood was flowing crazily.

There was also the middle-aged divine servant who possessed a complete secret repository. His expression was unprecedentedly solemn.



The instant they retreated, the blood-red lake in the mountain range suddenly rose into the air.

As rumbling sounds echoed, the blood-red lake surged in the air.

Xu Qing's face appeared in every drop of blood. These countless faces formed a ten-foot-long human face with an indifferent expression. At the same time, a divine repository rose within it.

It suppressed the group of Red Moon cultivators.

Wails rang out endlessly. Those Nascent Soul cultivators could no longer suppress the blood in their bodies.

Endless blood spurted out of their seven orifices and the pores on their bodies. It then transformed into blood blades outside their bodies and turned against them.

As blood splattered, the sea of blood carried countless blood blades as it headed straight for the old Dao Nurturing cultivator and the middle-aged Spirit Repository, wanting to surround them.

The two of them felt their hearts pounding. The instinctive fear they felt caused them to retreat rapidly.

However, Dao Nurturing was still different from someone with a complete Spirit Repository. At the next instant, the middle-aged Spirit Repository's body rumbled and his secret repository appeared. As it expanded outwards, his Heavenly Dao let out a deep shout inside, affecting the surrounding laws as it charged fiercely.

Amidst the deafening sound, the middle-aged Spirit Repository rushed out before Xu Qing surrounded him.

However, the old man who was in Dao Nurturing was much slower.

In the blink of an eye, he was enveloped by Xu Qing's sea of blood. He struggled with all his might and his illusory secret repository appeared. He wanted to resist but it was useless.

The sea of blood formed a vortex outside his body. As it spun rapidly, it surged toward his entire body, wanting to enter it.

The old man had a horrified expression. He continuously performed hand seals and activated his divine power. He even took out a magic artifact to block it.

But it was useless!

The endless sea of blood drowned him and continued to enter his body. The pain brought about by this process transformed into a mournful wail.

From afar, this scene was shocking!

At the next instant, the sea of blood fully entered the body of the old man. The old man's body trembled and his eyes were filled with despair. His body seemed to be unable to contain it and finally, with a boom, he shattered into pieces.

The sea of blood churned out and transformed into Xu Qing's indifferent face as he looked at the middle-aged Spirit Repository in the distance.

"This battle should be a fierce one. I wonder if the current me can win against a complete secret repository!"

Xu Qing's battle intent surged. The sea of blood surged and suppressed the surroundings. His divine repository undulated and destroyed everything as it headed straight for the middle-aged Spirit Repository.

 At that moment, in the mountain formed by the Joyful Travel Tree, two gazes were staring at the outside world.

The origin of these gazes was a huge cave.

Countless tree roots gathered in the air above the cave, forming a huge cocoon.

Waves of resplendent light emitted from the gaps in the cocoon, illuminating this place in various colors.

The heir was standing beside the cocoon of light and looking up.

"Third Sister, you saw many heaven's chosen back then. What do you think of my half-disciple?"

The heir smiled.

"Is this your disciple? Has he agreed to let you be his master? You're already so old, why are you still snatching other people's disciples? Don't you have any shame?"

A cold voice rang out from the light cocoon.

Very few people had the qualifications to speak to the heir like this, and Third Sister clearly had the qualifications to do so.

Regarding his third sister's words, the heir felt that it was very normal. His elder sister had such a temper. She was cold on the outside but warm on the inside.

"The essence of teaching is always there, and I've helped him so much. I've even given him these gifts to enhance his cultivation."

The heir smiled and continued to watch Xu Qing's attacks. His eyes slowly revealed admiration that he usually wouldn't reveal outside.

"You call this a gift?"

A cold voice rang out from the light cocoon. At the next instant, the light cocoon rumbled and directly exploded. A figure walked out and left the mountain in one step. She then arrived in the air in front of the middle-aged Spirit Repository cultivator Xu Qing was chasing.

Before the Spirit Repository could react, a jade-like finger landed between his brows.

With a boom, the middle-aged Spirit Repository cultivator's body trembled and he transformed into a fruit tree. It rapidly grew and bore fruit.

The blood sea transformed by Xu Qing paused, coalescing into form, and he gazed upon the woman who appeared before him with hesitation.

This woman had an outstanding and devastatingly beautiful face. Amidst her beauty, there was a touch of heroic spirit, radiating a dazzling aura.

Her rosy cheeks were like the glow of the setting sun on a tranquil pond. Her hair was tied into a simple fairy bun, adorned with a few plump and lustrous beads that sparkled, yet not as shimmering as her beautiful eyes.

That pair of starry watery eyes was as blue as the sea, captivating the splendor of a thousand lifetimes.

One could say her visage was like plum blossoms blooming in the snow in spring, and her demeanor was as graceful as autumn orchids adorned with frost, sufficient to make any man lose his soul in an instant.

At that moment, she lifted her jade-like hand and took out the fruit of the Spirit Repository Tree at the side. She glanced at the successor who had accompanied her and handed it to Xu Qing.

"This is what I term giving a gift."

"Kid, we met in a hurry last time and I wasn't prepared, so here is a meeting gift."































































Xu Qing hesitated. He looked at the fruit and then at the peerless woman in front of him.

From the figure of the heir at the side and the motive for coming here, he could naturally guess who this was. However, he couldn't overlap the appearance of the other party in his memory when she first appeared in the northern ice plains to her current look.

The difference was too great.

Just now, he had been prepared to fight a battle with that Spirit Repository.

But now…

Xu Qing glanced at the tree and lost all interest. He then respectfully took the fruit.

"Thank you, Senior."

He felt that this wasn't bad either.

Princess Mingmei nodded slightly. She thought very highly of this junior in front of her. On one hand, it was because of her younger brother's recognition. On the other hand, she understood that her escape had some relation with this junior.

Hence, to someone who clearly distinguished gratitude and grudges, she couldn't stand her brother's so-called training and the awkwardness of giving gifts.

The heir was helpless. He wanted to train Xu Qing. However, since Third Sister had taken the initiative to give it to him, he could only smile.

"Then, shall we go?"

The prince looked at his third sister.

Princess Mingmei glanced at the heir's aged appearance and sighed inwardly. Although she knew that this was just the disguise of the heir, she could sense from the other party's expression that her younger brother really liked his current appearance.

'The elegant and famous heir of the ruler… Now, we're both old.'



'Our best years were sealed in a place where not even the sunlight could reach.'

Princess Mingmei shook her head and her appearance changed. She transformed into a kind-looking old lady and spoke calmly.

"You seem to be very comfortable in that apothecary."

The heir smiled and spoke softly.

"That small apothecary is warm."

Princess Mingmei fell into deep thought.

Xu Qing blinked and looked at the old man and old lady in front of him. He had a faint feeling that it wouldn't be long before he had an additional old shopkeeper in his apothecary.

At the thought that there would be two Soul Accumulation cultivators in this ordinary apothecary… Xu Qing was a little dazed.

"Let's go to the place where Fifth Sister and Eighth Brother were sealed. According to what we did in the temple last time, the bindings of their souls have been secretly broken, and now they can be awakened."

Princess Mingmei calmly spoke and walked forward.

The heir waved at Xu Qing and followed.

Xu Qing had a strange expression. He felt that he had miscalculated earlier. In the future, his apothecary might not have two Soul Accumulations but four.

'Perhaps, as the heir's siblings are unsealed, there will be more?'

When Xu Qing thought of this, even with his composure, his heart trembled. He couldn't help but look in the direction of his small apothecary.

Back then, when he opened an apothecary here, he didn't expect that one day… such a thing would happen.

Just like that, the three of them left.

The old grandfather and grandmother were moving in the sky while Xu Qing followed on the ground.

They walked in the sky while Xu Qing rumbled in the desert.

The softness of the desert caused Xu Qing, after retracting the power of the Purple Moon, to put in maximum effort with every step he took. A slight misstep, and he would sink into the sand.

Moreover, when some areas of the sand caved in, a huge suction force would appear, making it difficult for Xu Qing to crawl out.

 In front of his elder sister, the heir seemed to have lost some of his elderly demeanor, like an old playful child, joyfully watching. After observing for a few days, Princess Mingmei waved her hand and pulled Xu Qing out from a depression in the desert.

Xu Qing felt a bit embarrassed; he had been climbing there for two hours.

"A good child, turned into what kind of state by your torment!"

Princess Mingmei glanced at the heir unhappily. The heir was about to speak.

"Did you think of the punishment Father gave you when you were young? This iron ball looks a little familiar. It's the one Father tied to you back then, right?"

Xu Qing lifted his head and looked at the heir. He also discovered that every time he struggled to crawl these few days, the heir would look at him with reminiscence and joy.

The heir laughed and changed the topic.

"Third Sister, the place Fifth Sister is sealed in is a little special, different from ours. I went there to sense it before."

Princess Mingmei, holding onto Xu Qing, nodded slightly.

"How special?"

"Fifth Sister wasn't sealed in reality." A solemn expression appeared on the heir's face. His eyes revealed a strange glint and his voice became hoarse.

"She is sealed in a nursery rhyme."

Princess Mingmei fell into deep thought. Xu Qing sensed strange when he heard this. Even though he had experienced many things, this was the first time he had heard that nursery rhymes could be used for sealing.

"At the foot of the Black Centipede Mountain in the south, there's a small mountain village."

"This village has existed for a long time. Even if it encounters a disaster and becomes a dead village, it will often appear again after some time."

"There has always been a nursery rhyme circulating in the village…"

The heir's voice, carrying a sense of vicissitudes, echoed as he walked forward.

"Fifth Sister was sealed in this nursery rhyme. When no one in the world remembers this nursery rhyme, Fifth Sister will completely die."

"However, our divine son younger brother wants to torture Fifth Sister. How could he let her die? So, other than remembering it himself, he always arranged for others to remember it."

"At the same time, he borrowed the power of the Crimson Goddess, causing this nursery rhyme to cause great harm to Fifth Sister every time it was recited. It was like the pain of devouring flesh. The reason why he chose that small village was because that place… was the legacy of Fifth Sister's bloodline. The people living there were all her descendants.

Xu Qing was moved.

Princess Mingmei fell silent, and her eyes revealed anger and sorrow. This was because she could hear the hidden meaning behind the heir's words.

That place used the nursery rhyme method to cut out the flesh of Fifth Sister and was given to them by the divine son, becoming the food they had eaten in the past years.

The heir fell silent.

The sadness grew deeper and deeper in the silence. On the way, Princess Mingmei didn't speak anymore and the heir didn't speak either. The three of them left the green sand desert and this county. They crossed the west and went to the south of the Moon Worship Region to reach their destination.

For ordinary cultivators, it might take a lifetime to traverse such distances without relying on teleportation. However, under the footsteps of the heir and Princess Mingmei, it only took a day to cross the vast expanse.

Moreover, this was because they had to consider Xu Qing's endurance. Otherwise, it might only take an instant.

As for this destination, it was an endless jungle that was filled with rot, giving off a feeling of desolation and death.

In the depths, Xu Qing saw a special mountain peak.

This mountain was about 8,000 feet tall, like a huge centipede stretching its fangs toward the sky.

The tentacles of the centipede were also clearly visible, lifelike.

A malevolent feeling gushed into Xu Qing's heart the moment his gaze met it.

He sensed the fiendish aura and the dense resentment that appeared to have accumulated for countless years.

This was the Black Centipede Mountain that the heir had mentioned.

The sky here was pitch-black and one could faintly see countless black clouds permeating the air. That was formed by resentment that didn't dissipate all year round.

Only bolts of lightning continued to flash and thunder rumbled in all directions.

It was like the mournful roars of all living beings venting their unwillingness.

At the foot of the mountain, there was a village surrounded by a dried-up fence.

The village wasn't big and was built against the mountain. Most of the houses inside were grayish-black and gave off an ominous feeling. The ground was also covered in dirty marks.

It seemed that because this place was isolated from the world and the rumbling of the world also stopped outsiders from coming, numbness was the norm for the residents here.

Also, because they were in a desolate place, depression became the main theme.

When all of this fused together, it decayed under the passage of time.

Only the children… due to their nature, they didn't seem to have so many worries. They treated the lightning formed by resentment as fireworks. Hence, as the lightning continuously flashed across the sky, they were jumping around and chanting a nursery rhyme.

Although there were only five to six of them, their voices strangely spread far away.

"Once upon a time, there was a big doll, followed by a row of little dolls. Ten dolls, six, seven, eight, with red eyes and gray hair. Silent all day long, the older children saw and shouted, 'Kids, don't fear…"

"Until one day suddenly, the big doll got sick, the second doll looked, the third doll bought medicine, the fifth doll boiled, the sixth doll died, the seventh doll laughed, the eighth doll dug a hole, the ninth doll jumped, the tenth doll's tears fell on the ground. I went to ask him why he was crying…"

"The fourth doll is lost and won't come back!"

The nursery rhyme drifted, seeming to possess a strange power. Even the sound of thunder couldn't suppress it. It spread outside the village and entered the ears of Xu Qing and the other two, who appeared at the village entrance at that moment.

Princess Mingmei had a complicated expression. The heir closed his eyes to hide the pain in them.

Xu Qing exhaled softly inwardly.

The ruler had five daughters and ten sons. According to the imperial custom, males were in one group, females in another.

This nursery rhyme referred to the ten sons of the ruler back then. Among them, the fourth son… Xu Qing knew that he was the divine son of the Red Moon Shrine.

As for the big doll, he was the heir.

From the heir's expression, Xu Qing guessed that back then, he might have… really fallen sick.

As for the cause of the illness, Xu Qing didn't know but he sensed that it might be related to Red Moon and Crimson Goddess.

"If you want to know why the fourth doll is lost, the big doll knows it best, knows it best!"

Xu Qing fell silent and gazed upon the heir.

The heir opened his eyes and stared at the village as he uttered softly.

"Fifth Sister's soul has already awakened. The way to undo the seal… is for you, Third Sister, to use your authority to transform all the traces of everyone who has appeared here from ancient times to the present, and make the nursery rhyme that echoed in this place for countless years drift."

"Xu Qing, during this process, we need the power of your Purple Moon. This is the key to opening the sealed place."

"As for me, I'll do my best to change the cognition of the world and hide all fluctuations. For ten breaths, I'm confident that even if the Red Moon Shrine pays attention to me at all times, they won't be able to sense anything."

"However, there are only ten breaths of time."

The heir turned his head and gazed upon Princess Mingmei.

"That's enough."

As Princess Mingmei spoke, she took a step forward and lifted her right hand to point at the village in front of her. Immediately, the color of the sky altered and a storm brewed. Even the lightning in the sky stopped at this moment.

A river of time suddenly manifested and flowed through the village.

The river water surged and waves churned, splashing up countless water foam that floated in the world, transforming into countless figures.

As long as it was someone born here, their time would be scooped out by Princess Mingmei. More and more time passed in the village.

Three breaths later, they were densely packed and there were countless of them.

All the residents in the village walked out of their houses in a daze.

At this moment, the living gathered toward their souls.

The world rumbled and the void trembled. As the river of time flowed, the chanting of life and death, the praises from the present and the past echoed in all directions.

"Once upon a time, there was a big doll, followed by a row of little dolls…"

"Until one day…"































































In the instant when Princess Mingmei's finger fell, the voices from the past echoed in the present moment. At the same time, the heir also exerted his authority.

Different from Mingmei, the heir's authority was to alter perceptions.

Not only could he change the perceptions of living beings, but he could also alter the attributes of rules and laws, and even change the thoughts of everything in heaven and earth!

By changing the perceptions of all living beings, influencing the laws of heaven and earth, and then achieving his himseas, at this moment, making even the Heavenly Dao turn a blind eye and causing the gods to momentarily lose their vision.

This made it impossible to see what was happening in this area.

It also included the Red Moon Shrine.

This authority was too terrifying. It was a pity that even though the heir demonstrated it to such an extent, despite being a Soul Accumulation cultivator, he was at most confident that he could sustain absolute control for ten breaths of time.

If it was anyone else, ten breaths wouldn't be enough.

However, this didn't include Mingmei.

The River of Time flowed between her fingers and everything in the village became hazy.

One could vaguely see children, adults, and old people among them.

The densely-packed figures in the entire village were like a video that was constantly playing.

The nursery rhyme also drifted over and over again.

All of this continued to be dragged out. Ten breaths should have passed but in reality, everything that happened was completed in three breaths of time.

It was as though someone had compressed all the information and forcefully limited it to three breaths of time.

This method formed a frightening sense of collapse. If an outsider stood in Xu Qing's position and didn't have a god's body or his cultivation wasn't high enough, his soul would collapse at this moment.



This was Princess Mingmei, who had the most stunning aptitude among the children of the ruler before Ninth Brother was born. She was even praised by the ancient sovereign.

When Xu Qing saw this, his expression changed.

"Time…"

A strange glint appeared in Xu Qing's eyes. The moment he looked at Princess Mingmei, the soul-stirring murmurs from all creatures in the village turned into rumbling sounds. As their nursery rhyme continued to echo, it formed a dreamy figure in the world.

This figure seemed to be a woman. Her back was facing all creatures and her head was lowered as though she was crying.

On her body, one could see countless souls biting and tearing. While her flesh was badly mangled, there were also red chains that bound her.

Her figure was blurry, and so were the iron chains. They didn't exist in the world and only existed in the nursery rhyme.

At that moment, although she was revealed, she continued to distort and dissipate. It was as though she wouldn't last long.

"Xu Qing."

Princess Mingmei's voice entered Xu Qing's mind. Xu Qing didn't hesitate at all. The power of the Purple Moon in his body erupted completely at this moment and the power of the Red Moon's power also rose.

A blood-red light spread out from his entire body and countless drops of blood rapidly rose into the air. Under Princess Mingmei's wave of her hand, this blood headed straight for the nursery rhyme.

In the blink of an eye, blood enveloped the hazy scene and dyed everything red, freezing the crying figure from the void into reality.

At this moment, illusion and reality seemed to overlap.

The fluctuations caused by this overlapping were intense. As the entire scene trembled, the red iron chains also began to shake intensely. Finally, with cracking sounds, gaps that were about to break appeared one after another.

Finally, with a step from Princess Mingmei, she walked from reality into the dreamy scene. She walked to the crying figure and hugged her.

"Fifth Sister, don't cry. I'll bring you home."

The crying figure trembled violently and the iron chains that had cracks shattered.

All the souls wailed and died.

The tenth breath had arrived.

 The heir's figure disappeared and Xu Qing's figure dissipated. The dreamy scene in the world also disappeared.

It was as though the River of Time had never appeared. It was the same for those souls. Everything returned to normal. As for the residents who walked out of the village, although they looked a little dazed, they quickly became numb again.

The only difference was that the children's nursery rhyme had changed.

"Cloth doll, cloth doll, big eyes and black hair, I'll bring you home."

"Cloth doll, cloth doll, don't be afraid of the thunder in the sky, always be happy and smile, ha ha."

…

The Door Race was an extremely special race in the Moon Worship Region.

This race didn't have its own territory, and whether or not a member reached adulthood depended on whether they found their own door within the Door Tomb.

Once they found it, they would have to wander around in the Moon Worship Region.

This lasted until they had gone to all the places and all the areas they could go to.

This was their custom, as well as their way of survival. It was also a cultivation method.

No one knew why the Door Race was like this. Even they didn't understand. This was their instinct.

There was another special thing about this race, and that was… every time the Crimson Goddess, Red Moon, arrived, their bodies would perish. However, the door on their backs wouldn't disappear.

Moreover, every time before the Crimson Goddess arrived, this race would be calmer than the other races. The clansmen would return to the same place from all directions one after another and put down their doors there.

This place was known as the Door Tomb by this race.

The Door Tomb was located in a vast canyon in the eastern part of the Moon Worship Region. Outsiders referred to it as an abyss because this canyon was not only astonishingly long but also of unknown depth.

In this canyon and the abyss, there were countless doors of various sizes, styles, shapes, and materials.

The sense of decay spread here and didn't dissipate.

And cultivators were also unwilling to come here because both inside and outside this canyon, there were too many mysterious occurrences, and cases of disappearance were also numerous.

However, at that moment, four figures appeared on the canyon's rock wall.

Two old grannies and an old grandfather. As for the fourth… it was Xu Qing.

Today was the fourth day since they left the Black Centipede Mountain.

Compared to Princess Mingmei, the other old granny was much thinner. She was dressed in a black robe, with high cheekbones. Her entire demeanor didn't exude kindness but rather a sense of sharpness.

There was also a hint of dense gloominess.

Every time she looked at the heir, the gloominess would deepen. Only when she faced Princess Mingmei would a hint of warmth appear on her face.

Also, when it came to Xu Qing, her gloominess would be much less. It was replaced by the kindness of an elder looking at a junior.

Xu Qing could feel that the old lady in the black robe seemed not adept at expressing kind emotions. Her amiability, in this context, was already a deliberate effort.

"Eighth Brother was sealed here."

"He was sealed in an ancient door and that door was broken into countless pieces. Hence, there was the Door Race in this world."

"The Door Race doesn't have a territory, but the doors do."

"To be precise, the members of the sects aren't those cultivators but these doors."

"This is the doors' territory."

"Every door is a part of Eighth Brother. Every time someone teleports through them, it consumes Eighth Brother's soul."

"This consumption will form an invisible karma which will continue to torture Eighth Brother…"

On the rock wall, the heir spoke softly.

Princess Mingmei's gaze landed at the foot of the canyon. At the side, Grandma Five let out a cold snort gloomily and ignored the heir.

There evidently had been some conflicts between the two, and though Xu Qing didn't know the reasons, he could discern a sense of guilt in the heir's expression.

At the same time, he listened to the heir's words and thought about how he had once been just a step away from using the teleportation of the Door Race.

Now that he thought about it, it seemed that at that time… the heir had deliberately stopped him from stepping in.

"Therefore, it's a little difficult for me and Third Sister to undo Eighth Brother's seal by ourselves. My youngest sister, we need the power of your authority…" The heir looked at his fifth sister and his voice became gentler.

The black-robed granny coldly looked at the heir and didn't speak.

At the side, Princess Mingmei sighed and held Fifth Sister's hand.

The black-robed old granny fell silent. After a long time, she nodded.

The heir sighed inwardly but he still perked up. Just like before, he was in charge of covering all the fluctuations. Princess Mingmei would enter the canyon and take out the ancient door that sealed their eighth brother.

"Kid, give me a drop of your Purple Moon blood."

Before she left, Princess Mingmei looked at Xu Qing.

Xu Qing didn't hesitate at all. He immediately released the power of the Purple Moon and transformed it into a sea of blood, giving a lot.

This approach made Princess Mingmei smile, and the black-robed old lady also nodded secretly. When she looked at Xu Qing, the feeling of kindness became more natural.

Taking Xu Qing's Purple Moon blood, Princess Mingmei headed straight for the canyon below. After she left, the rock wall instantly became silent.

The black-robed granny didn't say a word. The heir didn't know what to say, so he looked at Xu Qing.

"Kid, you've had some leisure these days. On the way back, you can't use the power of the Purple Moon. You have to rely on your own strength to walk back."

"Bullsh*t!" The black-robed granny snorted coldly.

When the heir heard this, he smiled bitterly and looked at his fifth sister.

"Little Sister…"

"Shut up!"

The heir raised his eyebrows, somewhat angry, but as he looked at his sister and sensed her weakened aura, he sighed again. He blended his anger into his gaze and directed it toward where Xu Qing was.

Xu Qing blinked and moved closer to the black-robed old granny. At this moment, a rumbling sound rang out from the canyon. As the earth quaked and the mountains swayed, the heir also retracted his thoughts. He waved his hand and influenced the world. When it transformed into a cover, the sounds at the bottom of the canyon became even more shocking.

Vaguely, there were countless wails echoing and frightening fluctuations spread out.

This fluctuation was so strong that not only did it shake the canyon, but a large number of cracks also appeared on the rock wall below. As it continued to shatter, countless gravel fell off.

As Xu Qing slightly sensed, an endless sense of danger enveloped his entire body. He could imagine that within the canyon, there must be an extreme level of terror.

However, it was obvious that these were nothing to Princess Mingmei.

After a while, the fluctuations ceased, and Princess Mingmei's figure appeared on the rock wall without a sound, appearing relaxed, with no traces of having taken any action.

In her hand was a palm-sized fragment of wood. She waved her hand and it floated in the air.

"The ancient door that sealed Eighth Brother has completely shattered and it's difficult for it to form a carrier. I collected dust below and molded it in the river of time, but this is the best I could create."

An ancient sense of vicissitudes spread out from the wooden fragment.

Xu Qing sensed it and instinctively looked at the black-robed old granny.

He wanted to know what the other party's power was.

The black-robed old granny stared at the wooden fragment. She lifted her withered right index finger that seemed unable to recover on its own and gently tapped it.

In just a moment, her body clearly aged even more. However, the wooden fragment trembled intensely and began to recover at a speed visible to the naked eye!

It continued to grow and spread. In just five breaths of time, it formed an ancient door that stood between heaven and earth.

The black door frame and white door were intricately carved with complex vine patterns. Especially on the door, those carved vines intertwined to form a gray morning glory flower.

This flower looked demonic and had the power to shake souls.

Waves of ancient aura spread out, forming a pressure that shattered the surrounding void.

The moment the wooden door appeared, there was an intense knock on the door.

Bang, bang, bang!

It was like thunder rumbling.

"My power is not cultivated; it is innate, capable of rejuvenating all things. However, it is irreversible for myself."

The black-robed old lady turned her head to look at Xu Qing and spoke with a hoarse voice.































































'Rejuvenating all things,' these three simple words, spoken in an indifferent tone, conveyed a strong sensation to Xu Qing.

Especially the part about how it was irreversible for herself, there was a faint hint of unspeakable sadness.

The youngest daughter of the ruler was born with authority. However, to her, this power might not be a blessing.

She was using her life to revive all things.

While this power was powerful, it was also extremely cruel. Moreover, there was clearly a limit.

The heir instinctively raised his hand and placed it in front of his fifth sister.

He had always done this since he was young, and not just him, all his brothers and sisters did the same.

Princess Mingmei did the same.

"There's no need. I won't be able to live for long," the black-robed old granny calmly said.

"Even if you can't live for long, you still have to live!" The heir frowned and revealed a dignified expression. This was also the first time he had spoken in such a domineering manner.

He lightly patted his hand; a breath of life emanated from him, heading straight towards the black-robed old lady.

It forcefully fused into her.

At the next instant, the black-robed old granny's body trembled and the aura on her body clearly became denser. She looked at her big brother in front of her with a complicated expression.

Princess Mingmei did the same. Xu Qing thought about it and also sent out a drop of Purple Moon's blood.

"Forget about yours."



The heir flicked the drop of blood back to Xu Qing. After that, he flicked his sleeve and everyone's figures disappeared together with the black and white door.

…

Three days later.

On the green sand desert, there was a vortex on the ground. Xu Qing was trying his best to climb up.

The weight from the sun made him experience difficulty again in the desert.

This time, Princess Mingmei didn't drag him out. She, the heir, and their fifth sister were sitting cross-legged in the sky in front of the huge black and white door.

The opening of this door clearly couldn't be completed in an instant. It required the three of them to continuously integrate their power into. Hence, after returning here, the three Soul Accumulation cultivators began to cast spells.

As for Xu Qing, who no one cared about, he chose to cultivate on his own.

"This desert is the best place for me to adjust to the sun."

"If I can walk normally in the desert without sinking, it will be even easier when I return to the Bitter Life Mountain Range."

"If I am able to do this, I can attempt to fly!"

"Once I can fly normally, my other nascent souls will be able to advance."

Xu Qing mumbled inwardly.

The fruit formed by the Spirit Repository was a great nourishing pill for his cultivation breakthrough.

However, although Princess Mingmei had given it to him, the heir still reminded Xu Qing not to eat it immediately.

Before other nascent souls adapted to the pressure of the sun, swallowing the fruit might indeed promote nascent soul growth, but it also squandered a valuable opportunity for tempering.

Because enduring the pressure of the sun could fully hone the potential of the nascent souls, it would be equivalent to boosting the nascent souls' growth limit. Swallowing the fruit at that time would be the most perfect.

Princess Mingmei didn't refute this.

Hence, based on these thoughts, Xu Qing immersed himself in his cultivation.

Time flowed by and very soon, another three days passed.

 During these three days, Xu Qing tirelessly controlled his nascent souls, causing them to erupt repeatedly. Each time he pushed them to the limit, his body would sink into the desert.

After resting inside, he began the same cultivation again.

With this repetitive process, he had reached a point where he could walk in the desert without sinking more than a foot.

"This is the current limit. It's possible to avoid any sinking at all, but the duration will be limited to two hours. After that, the nascent souls will reach their restriction and require recovery before I can continue."

Xu Qing fell silent. Just as he was wondering if there were any other methods that could assist him in adapting, an intense knock suddenly rang out from the sky.

Although there would occasionally be knocks on the door in the past few days, this time it was noticeably louder, shaking the heart and soul.

Xu Qing stared at the sky.

In the sky, the three siblings also opened their eyes.

"Old Eighth's personality is still so explosive."

The heir frowned and looked at Princess Mingmei.

"It's about time."

"His consciousness doesn't seem to have completely awakened."

Princess Mingmei was expressionless as she calmly spoke.

"Like when we were young, just give him a beating, and it'll be fine."

"Alright!" The heir nodded and performed a series of hand seals with both hands, pointing at the door.

Princess Mingmei and Fifth Sister did the same.

Seeing that these three Soul Accumulation cultivators were like this, Xu Qing instinctively ran into the distance. He had heard their conversation and didn't want to get too close.

Reality proved that Xu Qing's actions were correct.

This was because when he ran for five kilometers, the knocking on the door in the sky was already extremely intense. It was as though a terrifying existence had transformed the sky into a war drum and was knocking with all its might.

A deafening sound rang out, causing the ground to collapse and shatter. Even the void showed signs of shattering.

The green sand desert, however, clearly possessed a strangeness. Different from the outside world, the fluctuations generated here seemed to naturally have the effect of concealment.

Xu Qing fell into deep thought and understood that this might be the reason why the heir and the others chose to undo the seal here.

"Five kilometers is still a little too close…"

The power of the Purple Moon erupted; blood filled the air and his speed suddenly skyrocketed.

Although the heir didn't permit him to rely on the Purple Moon's power, Xu Qing felt that it didn't matter if he used it at this moment.

Just like that, after a few breaths, Xu Qing was already 50 kilometers away. Only then did his heart calm down. He lifted his head and looked at the distant sky.































































The figures of the heir and the princesses could no longer be seen. Only the door in the sky could be vaguely seen. At the next instant, a resplendent light spread out, illuminating everything in the area.

The knocking sound became unprecedentedly intense at this moment, and even more astonishing was that this sound actually affected the heartbeat. Xu Qing could clearly sense that his heart was about to go out of control.

Other than being shocked, the blood authority formed by Xu Qing's Purple Moon power erupted. A blood-colored vortex surrounded his body and after resisting all of this, he ran wildly again.

At the same time, in front of the black and white door, with the efforts of the three siblings, a sharp friction sound emanated from the door. From the outside to the inside, it slowly opened, revealing a crack.

A burst of green mist erupted from the crack at an astonishing speed, as if it had been sealed for far too long. In that moment of breaking free, a violent aura surged within.

The sky turned green, and so did the earth. Moreover, amidst the gathering mist, a tall figure with a bare upper body emerged, vaguely visible.

It roared at the sky.

This figure possessed astonishing pressure. Even from a distance, where Xu Qing was, he could only sense it, yet a surge of anger erupted within him.

Furious, extremely furious.

This emotion suddenly erupted in Xu Qing's heart without any reason.

He wasn't the only one. All the ferocious beasts in the surroundings were enraged at this instant. Even the usually gentle sandworms became extremely violent at this moment.

Everything was affected.

The blood vortex around Xu Qing spun increasingly, allowing his mind to recover. As he retreated, he gained some understanding of the authority of this eighth son of the ruler.

"Rage!"

Xu Qing's expression was solemn. The instant he muttered inwardly, a cold snort rang out from afar.



"Roar my ass!"

As he scolded, the heir raised his right hand as if he was going to make a fist, but as if worried that the other party couldn't bear it, he changed it to a finger, pointing it towards the figure.

In an instant, the surroundings distorted and everything became blurry. The tall figure who was roaring angrily paused for a moment as though it was suppressed by an invisible force and its entire body trembled.

But in the next moment, this figure suddenly raised its head, revealing a fierce expression, and the anger not only did not decrease but increased even more.

"I want…"

The tall figure's entire body emitted violent energy which was about to smash into the surroundings. However, at this moment, Princess Mingmei frowned.

"Crown Prince, you're too gentle."

As she spoke, Princess Mingmei took a step forward and arrived in front of the tall figure. Her right hand pressed down.

In an instant, the tall figure trembled violently and his entire body distorted. He actually transformed into a meatball and was ruthlessly smashed to the ground.

The ground trembled and a deep pit appeared.

Before the meatball could struggle, its body was rapidly drawn out again. Princess Mingmei then made a tearing motion.

With a sharp sound, the meatball was torn into two halves, rapidly moving away from each other, and then, at an even faster speed, they converged again, finally colliding fiercely.

A rumbling sound echoed in all directions.

It wasn't over yet. The two meatballs that collided fused together due to the immense force, only to be torn apart again.

This time, it split into four portions. After they separated, they collided rapidly from four different directions.

Next, there were eight portions, 16 portions, 32 portions…

As for Princess Mingmei, she just stood there and moved her hands expressionlessly.

The heir chuckled as he watched from the side. A rare smile appeared on their fifth sister's face. It was as though this scene reminded her of the beautiful past.

After Xu Qing saw this scene from afar with his divine consciousness, he gained a greater understanding of Princess Mingmei's strength and attack style. A wail finally rang out from the meatball formed by the collision of the 64 pieces.

"Sister, I'm awake. Stop hitting me. I'm really awake."

Princess Mingmei didn't say a word. She waved her hand again and the 64 pieces turned into 128 pieces. After they flew in all directions, they were about to collide forcefully again when wails echoed.

 "Big Brother, Fifth Sister, hurry up and persuade Third Sister. I was wrong. I didn't control myself well just now!"

This wail was filled with horror. Princess Mingmei let out a cold snort.

Although she still waved her hand, this time, the 128 pieces of flesh didn't collide. Instead, they fused together and transformed into the tall figure from before.

This figure looked like a youth. His body was extremely burly and he stood there like a small mountain. The anger that originally existed on his body had completely disappeared and was replaced by a flattering look.

"Big Brother, Third Sister, Fifth Sister, has Father revived? Has the Crimson Goddess been killed? Haha, I'm finally free!"

The eighth son of the ruler spoke excitedly. After he finished speaking, he looked at the sky and sensed his surroundings. He was stunned before taking a deep breath.

"What's going on? Father hasn't revived and the Crimson Goddess still exists?"

"Hmm, there's also the Red Moon divine son?"

"Such guts!"

The burly youth abruptly turned his head in the direction Xu Qing was in. His eyes revealed anger as he instinctively lifted his right hand and grabbed over.

Xu Qing was shocked and his body was instantly bound. In fact, he could sense that the space around him was collapsing at that moment. His entire body was forcefully pulled over by a huge force and he appeared in front of the burly youth.

"That's half a disciple of your big brother and also the savior who helped me, Fifth Sister, and you escape."

Princess Mingmei calmly spoke.

At the next instant, the burly youth's body trembled and his movements instantly became gentle. He put Xu Qing down and even tidied his clothes for him as he laughed.

"Hello, little fellow."

The smile on the robust youth's face emanated a ferocious and insane aura, especially with his bloodshot eyes and the terrifying oscillations emanating from his body. It gave Xu Qing a sense of déjà vu, reminiscent of the god's eye he had encountered in the ghost cave.

This put a lot of pressure on him.

"He was mischievous when he was a child and got beaten till his brain got damaged. It's true, so don't mind, Xu Qing."

The heir spoke lightly, and after that, he raised his right hand, reaching towards the black-and-white portal in the sky.

This portal transformed into a stream of light and landed in his hand. Under his kneading, it transformed into a tall gray hat that he threw to Xu Qing.

"This portal itself is a trumpet flower that the ancient sovereign gave to my father. It's a good thing. Wear it; it can train your soul."

Xu Qing hesitantly took it. After some thought, he resolutely wore it on his head.

His soul rumbled, and the sensation he had when he tied the sun back then descended again.

This time, it descended on his soul.

In an instant, everything before Xu Qing's eyes became blurry, his soul shook, and it seemed like the entire world appeared in double, and his awareness fluctuated intensely.

He took a deep breath and gritted his teeth as he tried his best to adapt. The heir's words then rang out in his ears.

"Third Sister, Eighth Brother, and youngest sister, this kid has an apothecary here. It's very warm there. You should come with me."































































Bitter Life Mountain Range.

Due to the spread of the blood light on the horizon and the imminent return of the Red Moon, the evil thoughts in the hearts of all living beings lost control and erupted. Hence, chaos was everywhere and killings became common.

Only on the mountain at the edge of the Bitter Life Mountain Range was a small earth city, everything was as usual and warm.

Humans here were all smiles and didn't have any hostility toward each other. They were filled with friendship.

Half of the residents in this earth city were the subordinates of Li Youfei's disciple. Because they sensed the heir's great love, they were willing to stay here. The other half of the cultivators arrived from outside during this period of time.

Before these outsiders entered this earth city, their hearts were filled with madness. After entering, they felt the warmth of this place. Hence, they put down their evil thoughts and embraced the beauty.

"The warmth here is reminiscent of the atmosphere when Father was alive. It brings together joy and harmony among the various races."

Walking on the lively streets, the heir sighed with emotion.

Princess Mingmei, who was dressed in a white robe, looked at the surrounding crowd and nodded. She knew that the heir really liked this place.

Memories also surfaced in Fifth Sister's eyes. Now that she had returned to the human world after countless years of being sealed, even though she had only come to a corner of the world, it still made her cold heart feel some warmth.

However, at this moment, the burly youth behind them couldn't help but speak.

."Brother, you call this warmth? Every blade of grass and tree here is filled with your power. How the wind blows or the grass sways depends on your mood…"

The heir's expression darkened and he glanced at Old Eighth unhappily.



Princess Mingmei turned her head and her gaze turned cold.

Fifth Sister frowned and looked over as well.

Being stared at by his three siblings, the burly youth's body trembled and he instinctively took a deep breath. A fawning expression appeared on his face and his body swayed as he transformed into the appearance of an old man.

"What a good place. It's so warm. I like it so much!"

The heir continued forward without any expression.

Princess Mingmei and Fifth Sister retracted their gazes.

Old Eighth heaved a sigh of relief.

Xu Qing fell into deep thought and could tell the status of these children.

'Princess Mingmei has the highest status and the heir is almost the same. However, they both give in to the fifth princess. As for this Old Eighth…'

Xu Qing recalled the scene of the other party being beaten up with his divine consciousness.

'His status is probably about the same as Ning Yan's.'

Xu Qing followed behind Princess Mingmei and the fifth princess, getting closer and closer to the apothecary.

Very soon, the figures of Wu Jianwu and Ancestor Mogui were reflected in Xu Qing's vision. The other party's innovative poem also entered his ears at this moment.

"Ten skies, nine earths, eight winds, seven seas, six paths, five elements, and others, quickly buy! One, two, three, four, don't haggle, come buy the pills!"

During this period of time outside the earth city's apothecary, Wu Jianwu's poem had changed many rules. Now, it had even been pioneered, shocking the long street and attracting many residents to go buy.

Beside him, Ancestor Mogui looked like he had resigned himself to his fate and was bored. However, he was still pondering how to escape from here.

He was very cautious, so he didn't act rashly these few days and had been observing.

Now, he had already gotten some ideas. As he analyzed the plan again and again in his mind, he suddenly observed the people on the long street from the corner of his eyes. He instinctively shivered and revealed a fawning expression. Just as he was about to copy Wu Jianwu and repeat the poem, at the next instant…

He saw two old ladies dressed in black and white beside the heir.

When he saw the white-robed old lady, Ancestor Mogui's mind rumbled.

'Another Soul Accumulation?'

His body trembled and his heart was brimming with disbelief. After that, his gaze landed on the black-robed old lady and his mind churned even more intensely.

 'This is also a Soul Accumulation!'

Ancestor Mogui looked blankly at the tall and burly old man at the back.

'Another…'

Ancestor Mogui's breath paused for a moment. He felt that everything was too unreal, as if he were dreaming, and he even thought that he wouldn't dare to fantasize like this even in a dream.

All of this caused his body to instantly go limp and he knelt down with a plop.

An unprecedented feeling of compliance brimming him.

At that moment, he no longer had any thoughts of escaping. He felt that in this Moon Worship Region, unless the Red Moon Shrine went all out or the Crimson Goddess descended, no one could save him.

Wu Jianwu was surprised. He followed Ancestor Mogui's gaze and looked at the streets. After noticing Xu Qing and the heir, he was about to greet them. However, at the next instant, he saw the two old ladies and the old man behind them.

The scene of these four old men and women walking over together stunned Wu Jianwu. He instinctively rubbed his eyes. After confirming that he wasn't seeing things, thunder rumbled in his mind.

'No way, could it be… three more?!'

Wu Jianwu was dumbfounded. He wasn't sure if his guess was true but this didn't affect the monstrous waves in his mind.

Just as he stood there in a daze, Xu Qing and the others walked past him.

This lasted until Old Eighth walked to his side. He glanced at him and grinned.

"Kid, your poetry isn't bad."

When these words fell into Wu Jianwu's ears, they transformed into thunder in his mind. His body went limp and he knelt down, staring blankly at the few figures who had entered the apothecary.

Even now, he still couldn't believe it. He naturally bit his tongue and muttered in a daze amidst the intense pain.

"I actually saw four living Soul Accumulation cultivators!"

The scene was deeply etched in Wu Jianwu's memory. He felt that he would ever forget this scene for the remainder of his life.































































Inside the shop, as soon as Xu Qing walked in, Ling Er was about to run over in excitement. However, she noticed the additional old man and women who appeared beside Xu Qing, causing her to pause with a look of surprise and uncertainty.

"This little girl from the Ancient Spirit Race isn't bad."

Princess Mingmei looked at Ling'er and smiled.

She admired the fighting style of the Ancient Spirits and had made some good friends in the Ancient Spirit Race in her early years. Moreover, she wasn't unfamiliar with Ling'er.

After all, when Xu Qing saved her back then, Ling'er was with Xu Qing.

"Hello, Grandma." Ling'er slowly walked to Xu Qing's side, tugging at his clothes, and spoke gently towards Princess Mingmei who was standing beside.

Princess Mingmei nodded with a kind smile.

On the side, Fifth Sister also noticed the relationship between Xu Qing and Ling'er, so her expression softened. Eighth Brother, knowing how much Xu Qing was valued among his siblings, smiled foolishly.

At the same time, the featherless parrot also flew over rapidly from the backyard. As it flew, it cried and complained.

"Grandpa, you're finally back. These few days, I…"

Before the parrot could get close, it let out a cracking sound and was instantly grabbed by a large hand in the air.

The one who caught it was Old Eighth.

Old Eighth's eyes gleamed as he stared at the parrot and spoke in surprise.

"Brother, don't you think the bloodline of this little thing is familiar?"



"He can be considered a descendant of that person. He was nurtured by the brat outside."

The heir smiled.

"It was nurtured?" Old Eighth had a strange expression. He glanced at Wu Jianwu outside and held the parrot in front of him, sizing it up carefully.

The parrot trembled, its eyes filled with fear, losing the ability to struggle. It felt that the old man in front of it was terrifying to the extreme, like a giant furnace burning fiercely. It seemed that if the furnace spread out even a hint of fire, it would turn into ashes.

At that moment, Ning Yan, who was wiping the ground, was also trembling. Just like Wu Jianwu outside, his mind continued to rumble as he stared blankly at the heir and the others.

'All of them… all of them are Soul Accumulation cultivators? All of them came to the apothecary?'

Li Youfei was trembling so much that he knelt down.

However, compared to them, Nether Fairy was much calmer.

The instant she saw Princess Mingmei and the others, although she was also shocked, she quickly calmed down. After all, there didn't seem to be much difference between serving one Soul Accumulation cultivator and four Soul Accumulation cultivators. In any case, it was just simmering water.

What she cared about the most was still disgust and hatred for the captain.

As for the captain, he had an excited expression on his face. His face was filled with flattery as he quickly ran over from the back room.

"Grandpa, you're back! I heard the parrot squawking early this morning, and at that moment, I guessed that Grandpa, you might be coming back today. That's great!"

"Hello, grandmas, hello, Grandpa." The captain agreed and bowed, trying his best to make his tone sweeter. However, his heart was trembling. Although he had expected this, he didn't expect Xu Qing to bring back three more in one go.

'Heavens…'

When Old Eighth heard this, his gaze shifted away from the parrot. He glanced at the captain and spoke to the heir.

"Brother, why do you still have a divine sinner here?"

"And the aura is very familiar. I remember many years ago, when I still had some consciousness, a cultivator with a similar aura came to the door I was sealed in. Every time I knocked on the door, the other party would knock back, looking very cheeky."

"Was it you?"

Old Eighth's gaze was deep. After saying that, he looked at the captain.

The captain blinked and was about to speak when Fifth Sister's cold voice rang out.

"Many years ago, someone used the god's ritual dance technique and sent a wisp of divine sense into the place I was sealed in. It made an unreasonable request and was eaten by me."

 Their words caused Ning Yan to gasp. Wu Jianwu, who was outside the apothecary, was shocked. Xu Qing also cast a deep glance at the captain.

The captain's heart skipped a beat.

"Erniu, were you causing such trouble in the past few years?" the heir asked casually.

The captain quickly shook his head and carefully said.

"Grandpa, look at how obedient I am… This must be a misunderstanding!"

The heir smiled faintly and didn't pursue this matter. Instead, he brought his siblings to his usual area.

The moment they sat down, Nether Fairy carried the kettle and quickly arrived. She respectfully brewed four cups of tea.

Princess Mingmei picked up her teacup and took a sip. She gazed around and agreed slightly.

"This place is quite good."

Fifth Sister's gaze swept past the room and Ning Yan and the others as she agreed lightly.

"It's good to be young."

Old Eighth finished the tea in one gulp and let out a long sigh.

"If you think it's good, then it's good!"

Just like that, while everyone was shaking in the apothecary, a day passed.

The next day, when it opened for business, everything was normal in the small apothecary. Ning Yan wiped, Nether Fairy boiled water, Wu Jianwu and Ancestor Mogui shouted, Li Youfei did odd jobs, and the captain stood guard.

The difference was that they were exceptionally hard-working today, and the number of people drinking tea became four.

However, most of the time, the heir would be sitting there alone.

This was because in the next half a month, Princess Mingmei paid more attention to Ling'er. She brought Ling'er out many times and every time they returned, Ling'er would be very excited. Her cultivation made clear progress.

The chicken coop in the backyard attracted the interest of Fifth Sister. She seemed to like those little chicks very much and took over Ning Yan's work of feeding them.

As for Old Eighth, after interacting with everyone, he became quite curious about Chen Erniu. The captain also tried his best to curry favor with him. Hence, the old and young usually chatted happily.

As for Xu Qing, he had already adapted to the weight of the sun. When he could barely endure the hat on his head, the heir gave a new cultivation plan.































































Unlike before, Princess Mingmei was also present this time.

"Xu Qing, your Heavenly Dao, the Soul Accumulation Mountain, and the Prison nascent souls are quite special. Wait until you break through in your cultivation, and then you can contemplate them again."

"There's also your Time Bottle and the morning glow formed by the fall of the sun. My third sister is more suitable to guide you in them than me."

At this point, the heir looked at his third sister.

Xu Qing sat opposite the heir and listened attentively. He wasn't surprised that the heir had seen through all his foundations. At that moment, he also looked at Princess Mingmei.

"The Time Bottle is a mystical item of the imperial family and I don't know its origin, but it does contain the technique of time. However, this technique is not something that can be learned. You need to frequently contemplate and imprint it in your heart. The mysteries of time are profound, and everyone's path is unique."

Princess Mingmei's gaze swept past Xu Qing.

Xu Qing's body stiffened. He felt as though everything had been seen through.

"Your life lantern is already on the path of the Dao of Time. You just have to continue walking. For you to be able to gather your own life lantern in without having a bloodline like ours, this matter isn't simple. I believe this is also why the Crown Prince thinks highly of you."

The heir smiled when he heard this.

"It's a pity that with our current abilities, we can't open Old Ninth's sealed place silently. Otherwise, if Old Ninth was freed, his Life Lantern Divine Fire Art would have been very suitable for this kid."

The third sister nodded and continued to speak.

"As for the morning glow, this light is rare and I haven't studied it."



"However, back then, I saw a prince possessing it at the ancient sovereign's place. When that prince unfolded the illumination of the morning glow, he transformed into the sun in an instant."

"Although it is difficult to display its full power, it also possesses some of the power of the sun. Its radiance is immense, astonishing, and no technique can harm it in the slightest!"

"Thus, young one, do not let your thoughts limit you. Sometimes, the strength of some divine capabilities are determined by your imagination. You can fully integrate your other abilities to create combinations."

Princess Mingmei stared at Xu Qing with anticipation. She knew that while some things may sound easy, truly understanding and integrating them into one's cognition was an incredibly difficult task.

And today, what she wanted to do was make Xu Qing realize that the morning glow and the Golden Crow could complement each other, and this collaboration could unleash greater power. It was also the best way to combine them, forming a powerful trump card.

However, she didn't tell him immediately. She wanted to give Xu Qing some time to think and digest. After he truly had this awareness, he might be able to understand it himself.

This approach would have a more profound impact compared to directly providing the information.

When Xu Qing heard this, his heart stirred. Every word of Princess Mingmei's words echoed in his mind for a long time.

A feeling of enlightenment rose in his mind.

Many thoughts surfaced. They kept colliding and merging, giving birth to sparks of inspiration one after another.

A long time later, Xu Qing was enlightened. His thoughts were clear and he abruptly lifted his head. A strange glint appeared in his eyes and his expression was solemn.

"Thank you, Senior. I understand!"

Xu Qing's stare was bright. As soon as he spoke, the heart of the heir who was drinking tea skipped a beat.

These words caused him to have a bad feeling. Hence, just as he was about to speak, Princess Mingmei calmly spoke.

"Oh? What do you understand?" After asking, she reached out to take the teacup.

"Senior, I understand what you want to tell me. You want to remind me that light… doesn't have to be only one form!"

Xu Qing drew in a deep breath.

"In reality, its form can change at will, so transformation is also an ability of light. Moreover, it's an extremely powerful force."

Princess Mingmei's palm that was about to reach for the teacup paused slightly.

Xu Qing's expression was excited as he continued to speak.

"Therefore… since the morning glow can destroy myriad techniques, it must be able to transform into myriad techniques as well!"

"That's right. Senior wants to tell me that what limits the strength of my divine arts is my imagination. I limited myself previously!"

 "I understand now that there's more than one way to use the morning glow."

"I should use the morning glow to simulate other people's spells!"

"Light has the ability to transform, so it will definitely succeed. And this… is the correct way for morning glow!"

Xu Qing abruptly stood up, his heart surging. He looked at Princess Mingmei and waited for her comments.

The heir fell silent.

Princess Mingmei was moreover silent, as though she was thinking. A few breaths later, she picked up the teacup at the side and nodded.

Seeing that he had been acknowledged, Xu Qing took a deep breath. He felt that this Princess Mingmei in front of him was indeed worthy of being someone whom even the heir respected. The other party's words enlightened him.

Xu Qing liked this feeling very much. He cupped his fists and bowed to Princess Mingmei. He then turned and headed straight for the back room to comprehend further.

After he left, Princess Mingmei put down the teacup in her palm and turned to look deeply at the heir.

The heir smiled bitterly and transmitted his voice.

"How's the comprehension ability of this half-disciple of mine? Isn't it freakish?"

Princess Mingmei calmly spoke.

"Pay attention to your words. He's not your half-disciple. If this kid can complete what he has comprehended within three months, you won't need to teach him anymore."

"I'll teach him!"

Time flowed by and three days passed.

During these three days, Xu Qing had been immersed in his research on the morning glow. He kept spreading out his morning glow in the back room and tried to transform it.

The process wasn't very smooth but Xu Qing didn't give up. He kept thinking and even thought of the recording jade slip.































































"The recording jade slip can record everything. Its principle… is also related to light!"

"Also, when Eldest Senior Brother imprinted that palm print on the human skin in the world fragment back then, the principle behind it also used the convergence of light…"

At the thought of this, Xu Qing sighed in amazement.

"Senior Mingmei is indeed an expert. Her guidance is very accurate, and I was foolish to not think of morning glow at that time!"

"If I want to use the morning glow to simulate, the first thing I need is a carrier!"

Xu Qing fell silent. The first thing he thought of was the jade slip. Hence, he took it out and studied it.

That night, when Xu Qing gained some insights from his research, the captain secretly came looking for him with a mysterious expression.

"Little Qing, we're going to do something big soon."

Xu Qing looked at the captain.

"Soon?"

He knew that the captain's goal in coming to the Bitter Life Mountain Range was to do something big. However, Xu Qing didn't know about the specific details.

"Little Qing, the time for our major event in the Bitter Life Mountain Range is about to arrive. When we look up at the horizon and see not only the blood light but also the Red Moon Star, it will be the day we set off!"

"I've done some calculations over the past few days, and it will be here soon. Our great matter this time is different from the past."

The captain was smug. He squatted in front of Xu Qing and whispered.



"In the past, we would secretly do it and then escape quickly. We paid attention to entering and leaving without a trace, but this time…"

"We will let all living beings in the Moon Worship Region see us!"

The captain had a proud expression.

"You can treat this major event as a play we're performing on stage. All the living beings in the Moon Worship Region will see it with their own eyes!"

"Also, this time, Big Jianjian, Little Ningning, and Ling'er have to participate. We'll all move out!"

"It's a pity though, I've been communicating with the old elders these few days, wanting them to come with us. This way, we can save a lot of trouble, but they won't do it."

At this point, the captain instigated.

"Other than telling you that we are going to do something big, I wanted to ask you to persuade them…"

Xu Qing hesitated and was about to convey when the heir's cold snort rang out in his mind.

'Not going!'

Xu Qing looked at the captain and replied solemnly.

"Eldest Senior Brother, I think if we want to grow, we should temper ourselves more."

The captain blinked and Xu Qing nodded.

"Alright…"

The captain struggled for a moment inwardly and finally left helplessly. In the three days after he left, every late night, the captain's wails would resound out from Wu Jianwu's room. There was even a day when Ning Yan was called over.

Xu Qing had no idea what the captain was doing.

Every morning, Wu Jianwu would walk out with a pale face, looking extremely exhausted. As for Ning Yan, after he went once, his face was equally pale the next day.

Ling'er was curious and asked.

Wu Jianwu remained silent and Ning Yan sighed.

"It's fine, it's fine. This isn't the primary time…"

Ling'er became even more curious.

However, this wailing only lasted for three days. When the captain appeared again, his expression was equally pale. He gazed resentfully at the heir and the others who were drinking tea and went to the back room to find Xu Qing.

 "Little Qing, we're relying on ourselves this time! I've already prepared the tools. Lend me your artifact spirit next."

The captain panted and determination appeared in his eyes.

"What's the major matter this time?" Xu Qing retracted his thoughts from the jade slip. He waved his hand and took out the fish bone, tossing it to the captain.

"Acting." The captain took it and the Diamond Sect's ancestor trembled slightly.

"He's an artifact spirit. I remember hearing him say that he's familiar with books in the past. In that case, he should be very experienced in fabricating plots. I'll get him to formulate a script for me."

"After that, we will require some ancient clothes. This is a headache. The attire during the ancient sovereign's period was mainly exquisite, and the materials were besides precious… But it's okay, I'm sure Big Butt has secretly stored quite a lot."

Speaking of the major matter, the captain was in high spirits.

"Little Qing, this major event is definitely distinct from before!"































































Looking at the captain's excited expression, Xu Qing nodded.

"I am going now. I've prepared a lot for this major event but it was all about researching the information. Now there's not much missing. Wait for my good news!"

The captain, filled with excitement, prepared to leave the back room and delve into a deeper discussion with the Diamond Sect's ancestor.

Before he left, Xu Qing shouted out and asked for a piece of the captain's skin.

The captain didn't care and casually threw a piece over. It was as though to him, what he had the most was his skin.

"Is it enough? If not, I still have more!"

The captain generously looked at Xu Qing.

"Enough…" Xu Qing glanced at the piece of skin in front of him and discovered that there was a belly button on it. His expression couldn't help but be strange.

The captain smiled proudly and swaggered away.

Looking at the captain's back view, Xu Qing also sighed with emotion.

This wasn't the first time he had heard the words 'do great thing' from the captain.

Logically speaking, Xu Qing felt that he should have gotten used to it. However, after the captain left, he sat there cross-legged and some waves still rose in his mind.

Truly… every major event of the captain's was extremely exciting. Moreover, as his cultivation level increased, the degree of this excitement continued to increase.



Many times, Xu Qing didn't understand why the captain was so crazily passionate about risking his life.

"He always wants to play himself to death…" Xu Qing sighed. The words 'divine sinner' that the eighth grandpa said when he first saw the captain, appeared in his mind.

"Could it be that Eldest Senior Brother was really a divine sinner in the past?"

Xu Qing fell into deep thought as he recalled the things he and his eldest senior brother had done.

Regardless of whether it was stealing from the Sea Corpse Race, from Nether Fairy, or the ten-guts tree…

It was basically either stealing or eating.

Xu Qing fell silent.

A long time later, he looked in the direction of the captain's residence. At this moment, the trembling emotions of the Diamond Sect's ancestor could be felt.

"According to the captain, he's going to put on an act this time. In that case, we shouldn't be stealing, right?"

As he mumbled, Xu Qing instinctively opened his storage bag and checked his teleportation items. After confirming that there were enough of them, he felt a little more at ease.

"When we go, I will bring the parrot with me."

Xu Qing made a decision and no longer thought about the captain's major matter. He immersed himself in his research on the morning glow.

In fact, by the third day, he was able to adjust some images he wanted through the changes in the seven colors contained in the morning glow.

But unfortunately, these images could only stay in Xu Qing's mind. He could imagine them and try to use the morning light to simulate them, but the scenes reflected were vastly different from what he had in mind.

Light was still light, unable to form images.

So, in the following days, he used the jade slip as a carrier to study the imaging principles between light and images.

The principle wasn't difficult, especially after personally witnessing the scene where the captain used skin and the refraction of light to imprint fingerprints, Xu Qing's understanding of the changes in the light has gained some direction.

"The reason light forms an image is due to refraction. I once observed the dispersal pattern of the morning glow, and I can't say it was incorrect; it's just a manifestation of the myriad ways of destroying all techniques."

"So, what I need to do is focus the morning glow. Because of its uniqueness, it can not only reflect on objects but also on the spells of the enemy!"

"In turn, it will produce some refractions that I can't see…"

"At this point, what I need to do is make those unseen refractions come into focus!"

Xu Qing mumbled inwardly as his eyes gleamed. He then picked up the recording jade slip.

 "The difference between an ordinary jade slip and a recording jade slip… The former is sensitive to divine consciousness, so it can be imprinted with divine sense. The latter is sensitive to light, so it can record images."

"Therefore, regardless of whether it's the recording jade slip or the captain's skin, they are both extremely sensitive to light."

Xu Qing put down the recording jade slip and picked up the captain's skin. After studying it, he confirmed the results of his research over the past few days.

"Moreover, the captain's skin is an extraordinary material. Not only is it incredibly tough, but upon closer look, the patterns within give me a sense of rune imprinting."

"This should be a special characteristic of the leader himself. Due to my cultivation level and ordinary status, I cannot achieve it."

"But I can use some other methods to make a part of my skin extremely sensitive to light… thereby stimulating my extraordinary god's body."

"So, in this way, when the morning light is focused and refracted, the images I can't see can be sensed by my skin, and then I can instinctively reveal them!"

Xu Qing's thoughts spun. He lifted his right palm and stared at it.

There were many ways to increase sensitivity to light. Xu Qing felt that what he was best at was relying on the art of plants and vegetation.

"There are many medicinal herbs and poisons that can make the skin sensitive. Although it's a form of harm, when used in the right way, it becomes an auxiliary tool for the divine ability."

"I have many poisons in my pouch now."

"Princess Mingmei is right. Imagination is one of the main reasons why the strength of divine arts is limited."

Xu Qing took a deep breath. After carefully analyzing, he felt that this method was feasible. Hence, he opened his storage bag and took out the poisons that had the effect of making the hide sensitive, preparing to refine his right hand.

He wanted to poison his right hand until it was extremely sensitive to light.

"Once I succeed, my hand can be called the Hand of Myriad Techniques!"

Xu Qing's heart pounded as he began to refine.

Just like that, seven days passed in the blink of an eye. From the time Xu Qing started studying the morning glow, half a month had passed.

As for Princess Mingmei, she was already satisfied on the third day.

She could sense the transformations in Xu Qing's morning glow. Although Xu Qing couldn't see it with the naked eye and thought that it couldn't be imaging, it was clear in the eyes of the heir and her.

At that moment, the heir's heart stirred.

Princess Mingmei also nodded.

She felt that it was about enough. What Xu Qing has achieved so far is already quite remarkable; it can be considered as exceeding expectations for the task.

In her view, with Xu Qing's cultivation and comprehension, it was currently impossible for him to truly use the morning glow to reveal all techniques. She had never seen anyone walk this path before.

"But this idea is good. If he continues like this, there may come a day when he truly realizes his dream."

"Young people should dare to dream and dare to try!"

Princess Mingmei smiled, ready to step in and continue guiding after Xu Qing gave up.

However… after that, she discovered that Xu Qing actually frowned with a dissatisfied expression. In the days that followed, she saw Xu Qing studying the recording jade slip, studying Erniu's skin, and… poisoning his own hands.

This scene made Princess Mingmei hesitate. She looked at the heir beside her.

The heir fell silent. After a long time, he smiled bitterly and spoke.

"Third Sister, the most monstrous thing about this kid isn't his cultivation aptitude but his understanding ability."

"Previously, you told him that imagination limits the might of divine arts. This sentence should have stimulated this kid a lot. It's like opening a cage."

"Therefore, I think he might have… really figured out a way to image with the morning glow."

When Mingmei heard this, she fell silent.

Old Eighth, who was at the side, looked at the heir and then at Third Sister.

In this half a month, he also sensed the direction of his third sister and eldest brother's attention, so he secretly paid attention. Now that he saw all of this, he suddenly felt an eagerness to give it a try.

'Back then, I also guided many heaven's chosen of the younger generation. Since Big Brother and Third Sister think so highly of Xu Qing, I'll find an opportunity in the future to give it a try too.'

With this thought in mind, Old Eighth was filled with anticipation.

As for their fifth sister, during the half a month Xu Qing was cultivating, she spent most of her time taking care of those chicks in the backyard, each of which grew plump.

The number of chicks increased at a speed that far exceeded the past. There would be more of them almost every day.

This was especially so since dozens of them had appeared a few days ago. This made Ling'er, who would occasionally come to help, click her tongue when she saw them.

"Fifth Grandma, there are more chicks today."

At that moment, in the backyard, Ling'er was helping to scatter bugs. When she saw those chicks rushing over crazily to eat, she spoke crisply to Grandma Five.

Grandma Five sat there with a smile and nodded.

"When I fatten them up a little more, I'll kill them for you and your brother Xu Qing to nourish your bodies."

As soon as she finished speaking, the bodies of the chicks who were consuming indignantly trembled and their expressions unveiled intense horror.

Especially the dozens that appeared a few days ago, they were in deep despair, making clucking sounds.

They weren't cultivators from the Bitter Life Mountain Range but from the Yin Yang Flower Sect. They had come here because they had investigated the tracks of the culprit who had caused chaos in the Heavenly Bull Mountain Range back then.

After arriving here, they didn't act rashly. They went to the Red Moon Shrine to greet the divine envoy. However, the moment they stepped into the Red Moon Shrine, they felt the world spinning before they could see the divine envoy.

The moment they regained their senses, they had turned into chicks.

Just as these chicks were in despair, a boom rang out from the back room of the apothecary and spread in all directions. There was also a rainbow-colored light that shot out from there, illuminating the surroundings.

This light instantly enveloped the entire apothecary and everyone. It also landed on the chicks. As it continued to erupt, it actually formed a sea of light.

This sea churned, causing the sky to fluctuate at this instant.

As the wind and clouds surged, this sea of light suddenly rose into the air. In the sky, it actually continued to gather and change. One could vaguely see a nail forming!

As soon as the nail appeared, it seemed to trigger an atmospheric phenomenon and the world changed color.

Ling'er gasped and Ning Yan's eyes widened. Wu Jianwu was dumbfounded and Li Youfei was shocked.

The captain's expression changed, Nether Fairy's expression turned solemn, and Ancestor Mogui's eyes flashed.

Some of them had seen this nail before, so they were shocked. Some had never seen this nail before, but they were equally shocked when they sensed the aura it attracted.

Only the heir, Third Sister, Fifth Sister, and Eighth Brother looked at the nail that was taking shape in the sky. Their expressions were the calmest. However, upon closer inspection, one could see that there was a strange glint in their eyes.

This was especially so for the heir and third sister. Under their calm appearances, the waves in their hearts weren't small. They turned their heads and looked at the back room.

That place was the source of the rainbow light.

"He succeeded…"

"That kid is simulating Father's nail!"































































The world rumbled and a violent wind blew.

The sea of light in the sky churned. Under everyone's gazes, the nail that was constantly taking shape didn't completely manifest. After it shone to a certain extent, it began to disintegrate.

In the back room, Xu Qing sat cross-legged and meditated. A rainbow-colored nascent soul floated in front of him.

Endless morning glow spread out from the rainbow-colored nascent soul and spread in all directions, transforming into a sea of light.

Xu Qing lifted his right hand and touched the nascent soul's hand.

One could clearly see the outline of a nail in Xu Qing's right palm. At that moment, it was dissipating and becoming blurry.

At first glance, the skin on his right hand was the same as the other parts. However, if one observed carefully, they would discover a slight difference. It was as though the skin on his right hand, especially the palm, was slightly fairer than the other parts.

It was as though it had been soaked for many years, giving off a pure feeling.

A while later, as the outline of the nail in Xu Qing's right palm completely disappeared, the nail formed by the sea of light in the outside world also collapsed and dissipated.

Xu Qing opened his eyes.

In an instant, all the morning glow rolled over and gathered in his morning glow nascent soul. The moment Xu Qing opened his eyes, the nascent soul also returned to his body.

Xu Qing sighed softly.

"In the end, I can't simulate the spells I saw in my memory. Moreover, there are restrictions to my transformation technique… It's not true that I can simulate all the spells I see in the future."

Xu Qing shook his head and stood up, walking out of the back room with regret.

The moment he walked out, he saw everyone in the hall.

Ning Yan looked at Xu Qing as though he was looking at a monster and wanted to say something but hesitated.



Wu Jianwu, on the other hand, had a dazed expression. He couldn't help but recall his first encounter with Xu Qing on the Forbidden Sea back then. At that time, he could still fight against the other party. It could basically be considered a draw.

But now…

Wu Jianwu felt disappointed. Immediately, his eyes turned red. He had been too lazy during this period of time. He wanted to continue nurturing his bloodline!

The parrot shuddered and didn't dare to speak.

Li Youfei lowered his head respectfully. Nether Fairy cast a deep glance at Xu Qing. As for Ancestor Mogui, this was the first time he focused his attention on someone other than the four Soul Accumulation cultivators.

Xu Qing's previous scene told him how extraordinary he was. This wasn't a power that a Nascent Soul cultivator could display. In fact, it wasn't something that even Spirit Repository could do.

This made him suddenly understand why this kid who walked out of the back room could be the core of this apothecary and sit together with the Soul Accumulation.

Compared to them, although Ling'er was also surprised, she was more proud.

The captain blinked in surprise.

As for Old Eighth, he looked at Xu Qing and grinned.

A strange look appeared in Fifth Sister's eyes. Although she didn't participate in the heir and Third Sister's guidance to Xu Qing, she could still see some clues now.

The heir nodded slightly as an unfathomable expression appeared on his face. At this moment, he didn't know that his and Xu Qing's master's expressions were actually becoming more and more similar.

As for Princess Mingmei, she looked at Xu Qing expressionlessly.

Xu Qing swept his gaze across Ning Yan and the others and knew why they were like this. After all, manifesting the ruler's nail would naturally cause shock.

However, in reality, Xu Qing was dissatisfied with his failure, especially with the expressions of Princess Mingmei and the heir. This made him sigh even more. Hence, he walked over and lowered his head to speak.

"Senior, I still failed."

The heir's face twitched slightly before it turned into disappointment.

"I saw."

The heir continued.

 "However, you're still young after all. It's normal for you to fail occasionally."

Xu Qing nodded. Just as he was about to speak, Princess Mingmei spoke.

"Open your right hand."

When Xu Qing heard this, he stretched out his right palm.

At the next instant, Princess Mingmei, the heir, and Fifth Sister swept their divine consciousness across Xu Qing's palm. Their expressions turned strange, and the heir suddenly raised his hand.

Suddenly, a mass of black long hair appeared in front of him, continuously contracting and expanding. Within it, there were faintly countless fierce souls, emitting a power that affected the soul.

"Simulate it."

The heir looked at Xu Qing.

Xu Qing didn't hesitate. The morning glow on his body instantly spread out. After enveloping the surroundings, it quickly gathered into a beam and landed on the black ball of hair. At the same time, his right palm grabbed at the ball of hair.

Immediately, black color appeared in his white palm. It gradually turned into a ball and became blurry.

At the next instant, something similar to a ball of hair appeared in front of Xu Qing. However, it wasn't real but hazy.

Moreover, its might was far inferior.

It was as though it only had a portion of its form and didn't possess any divine might.

However, this scene still moved Nether Fairy and Ancestor Mogui.

The heir fell silent. He felt a little tired.

He never expected that Xu Qing could really simulate his divine art by relying on the morning glow.

They were vastly different in might and couldn't even be compared.

It was only copied in form and didn't contain any divine might, nor did it contain laws or authority.

However… he was a Soul Accumulation cultivator. He had never seen or heard of a Nascent Soul cultivator who could do this.

'This kid's comprehension ability can be said to be monstrous!'

The heir didn't want to speak anymore.

Princess Mingmei also lifted her hand and waved it slightly.

Immediately, the chair at the side changed and transformed into a white pigeon that fluttered in front of her.

This pigeon looked ordinary but since it was formed by the hands of a Soul Accumulation, it was naturally not simple. One could see the sun, moon, and stars in its eyes, as though this pigeon could shuttle through time and fly through ages.

"Simulate!"

Xu Qing took a deep breath and used the same method to simulate it. He then pressed down on a chair at the side.

The chair instantly distorted and incomparably strange hair actually grew out. However, it was a pity that it didn't transform into a pigeon. Instead, its hair grew disorderly and in the end, it directly collapsed.

This scene caused Ning Yan and the others to be shocked. As for the parrot, its eyes instantly widened and its breathing became hurried. Its eyes revealed an intense light.

Xu Qing felt regret and spoke in a low voice.

"I still can't do it."

At the side, Old Eighth's interest was piqued. His body suddenly emitted an enraged emotion that affected the surroundings. After distorting everything, it vaguely formed a tyrannosaurus.

This beast's entire body was burning with flames, and every scale emitted a terrifying might. As its body moved, the Bitter Life Mountain Range trembled. Its teeth opened, revealing a sinister expression. Its voice also echoed in the apothecary.

"Try simulating me."

Ning Yan and Wu Jianwu directly went limp. The others weren't any better. Xu Qing's breathing was hurried. Under this astonishing pressure, his soul and body were trembling.

In such a state, he couldn't simulate anything.

Princess Mingmei snorted coldly.

"Scram!"

As soon as she uttered that, Old Eighth's body and all the scenes outside instantly disappeared.

The world was normal and everything returned to normal.

Xu Qing heaved a sigh of relief and lowered his head even more respectfully.

Princess Mingmei's expression didn't change at all as she calmly spoke.

"You can't do it because your current cultivation isn't enough. You lack laws and trump cards. Although your authority isn't bad, it's not omnipotent."

"All of this will change a lot when you reach the Spirit Repository."

"Also, you have to treat cultivation as…" Princess Mingmei was about to guide him in terms of comprehension. This was a habit of hers in her early years. Back then, she had taught all her disciples like this.

However, this time, she paused in the middle.

Xu Qing lifted his head and listened seriously.

Mingmei fell silent for a few breaths before speaking calmly.

"Think of it as an experience."

When Xu Qing heard this, he fell into deep thought.

His expression caused the heir and Princess Mingmei to instinctively look at each other. Just as they were about to continue speaking, the expressions of Mingmei and the heir changed at the same time. Their figures instantly disappeared and appeared in the sky.

At the same time, Old Eighth who had returned and Fifth Sister also appeared in the sky.

They all gazed at the horizon.

In the distant sky, the red light that was as viscous as blood was originally spreading according to a certain pattern in the past month. However, it suddenly erupted now.

The red light on the horizon instantly doubled in intensity. It was dazzling, causing vegetation, mountains, plains, rivers… everything to be dyed red!

At the source of the endless red light in the horizon, at this instant, a colossal object that was like a star appeared.

That was indeed a star.

Its entire body was red, as though it was formed from blood. It was incredibly large and shook the surroundings.

In fact, on this star, one could even see undulating mountain ranges and uneven surfaces.

It was the Red Moon!

It was flying toward the Moon Worship Region at an extremely fast speed.

Mountains crumbled one after another in the Moon Worship Region. Pieces of rubble, collapsed trees, and even everything, including some corpses, rose into the air to varying degrees.

From now on, they would float between sky and earth.

This was the atmospheric tide of the Red Moon.

Along with the tide, a tremendous oppressive force descended, causing the beings in the Moon Worship Region to howl in agony. Countless curses erupted within the mortal bodies, and even cultivators couldn't avoid it. Their expressions contorted in extreme pain.

Only high-level cultivators or cultivators who had consumed the curse-resolving pills could barely suppress it at this moment.

And this was only the beginning.

When this star grew larger and larger and finally substituted the entire sky, the ground would collapse, everything would rise into the air, and all living beings would perish.

Xu Qing and the captain materialized in the air and gazed at the horizon solemnly.

They weren't the only ones. At this moment, the experts of all the races in the Moon Worship Region were observing this from their respective areas and their minds were agitating intensely.

"Red Moon… can be seen with the naked eye."

Xu Qing's heart was also shaken. He could sense that his Red Moon authority… was clearly stronger than before.

It was as though the closer Red Moon was, the more astonishing his authority was.

"Junior Brother, do you remember what I told you before? When we see the Red Moon in the sky, that will be the day we set off?"

"Because normally, we can't enter the place we're about to go to. If we want to open it, there are a few necessary conditions. The most important one is green hair turned blood-red."

"Legend has it that the green sand desert is formed from a strand of hair. Look at this land. It's already as red as blood."

In the air, the captain uttered with a deep voice as he stared at the desert.

As far as Xu Qing could see, the desert below was no longer green under the illumination of the blood light on the horizon. It was completely red.

"Let's set off tonight."

The captain patted Xu Qing's shoulder and spoke softly.































































On the night the Red Moon appeared in the sky, a nearly black wind blew in the green sand desert.

This was somewhat similar to the legends of the Green Sand Desert. It was formed after the original green wind fused with the redness of the ground.

However, upon closer inspection, it actually leaned more towards purple.

Amidst the sandstorm, Xu Qing and the others left the apothecary.

Other than Ning Yan and Wu Jianwu, Ling'er, Nether Fairy, and Li Youfei also set off with them.

Among them, the most difficult to bring was Nether Fairy. It was unknown what the captain said to her, but it actually made Nether Fairy, who always showed disgust towards him, agree to follow.

The parrot didn't escape either and Xu Qing borrowed it from the heir.

The parrot originally wanted to reject Xu Qing but after seeing Xu Qing's right hand, it strangely chose to agree.

As for the heir and the others, they ultimately didn't participate and allowed them to leave.

Just like that, Xu Qing and the others walked into the desert amidst the sandstorm and headed deeper.

At the same time, as the Red Moon became visible in the sky, with the eruption of the power of the tide, all living beings in the Moon Worship Region suffered indescribable misery.

Countless mountain ranges were constantly collapsing, and lakes were flowing in reverse, churning in mid-air.

Especially the activity of curses on the mortals was extremely pronounced.

If one could observe the entire Moon Worship Region, they would see death and endless wailing in every village and town.

The souls of those dead beings couldn't leave the Moon Worship. They would gather in the temples and be immersed in this purgatory forever.



In the end, madness was only temporary. The despair after venting was like a vortex that would never stop and would drown everything in an instant.

It was the same for all races, sects, and cultivators.

They were unfortunate to live in the time of the Crimson Goddess' descent.

After all, the Crimson Goddess came once every few thousand years, without a fixed schedule. Sometimes it would take longer and sometimes shorter. Not everyone born and raised during this period lived long enough to witness Her.

They weren't the only ones in despair. Even the forces that were dependent on the Red Moon were on tenterhooks.

This was because from history, whether the dependent forces could survive or not depended on the degree of hunger of the Crimson Goddess.

Hence, the moment the Red Moon appeared, despair replaced madness and became the main theme of the Moon Worship Region. It fused into the world and also scattered in the wind of the green sand desert, turning into a whimper that echoed in the ears of Xu Qing and the others.

In the desert, the world was blurry and the figures of Xu Qing and the others were faintly discernible.

The footprints they left behind were quickly filled up by the sandy wind, leaving no traces.

The captain was walking at the front, guiding the way.

Xu Qing's position was behind the captain.

As he moved forward, Xu Qing instinctively observed the surrounding desolate scene. He had been here before.

Back then, when he went to save the shadow, Xu Qing had passed by this area. He remembered that further ahead was the place where he had first seen the members of the Wind Guard Race.

"We've been moving for four hours. We'll reach our destination in about fifteen minutes now."

The captain's voice came through the wind, reaching the ears of Xu Qing and the others following behind.

"Wind Guard Race?"

Xu Qing suddenly spoke.

The captain turned his head and glanced at Xu Qing. In the dim sandstorm, his expression was a little unclear but the light in his eyes was very bright.

"That's right. Junior Brother, you understand me well. The place we're going to now is the Wind Guard Race's area."

"Junior Brother, you should know the legend of the Wind Guard Race, right?"

 The captain's gaze landed on Xu Qing before looking at Ning Yan and the others at the back.

Ning Yan, Wu Jianwu, and the others were all wearing thick robes that covered their heads and faces. They weren't in a good mood.

Actually, they didn't want to come. They didn't even know their destination this time around.

Xu Qing nodded. The mission of the Wind Guard Race was to protect the wind in this desert. This was also the reason why this race was special.

"This race didn't exist before this desert was formed."

The captain spoke as he walked.

"There was once an existence and a great person who molded this race based on an agreement."

"The moment this race was created, it was given the mission of guarding the wind."

"However, in essence, the mission of this race is actually a key."

At this point, the captain stopped in his tracks and turned to look at Xu Qing, his eyes filled with reminiscence.

"A key to open the land where the ruler slew the god!"

Xu Qing's gaze froze. The others were also surprised when they heard the captain's words.

"Little Qing, I told you before that before the Crimson Goddess became a god, she was killed by the ruler back then."

"At that time, the ruler used the sky as a blade and the ground as a platform. He used the sun and moon as a connection to form a God Slaying Platform and behead the Crimson Goddess.

The sandy wind fluttered the captain's robe. His voice was solemn as he pointed to the ground.

"The place of the execution is under our feet! This is the predecessor of the green sand desert."

As soon as he spoke, everyone's hearts trembled. Xu Qing lowered his head and looked at his feet.

The wind was blowing, growing louder and louder. The captain's voice was fragmented and intermittent.

"Later on, that great person and his companions found the land of the god execution that had turned into ruins and used a mystical technique, causing signs of recovery to appear in the land of the god execution. It also formed a sandstorm that drowned and sealed everything, hiding it."

"The method to open it requires you to satisfy a number of conditions. The first condition is that the Red Moon appears and the green sand is like blood."

The captain's gaze was deep and his solemn voice was filled with passion.

"The second condition is that the wind in the green sand desert must turn from green to black, and it must happen at a specific time, precisely in the eighth hour when the black wind starts blowing."

"Now, it's the purple wind."

The captain lifted his right hand and a yellow light emitted from the item in his palm. It was the captain's little dumpling.

The light emitted by this artificial sun was yellow.

It rose into the air until it reached the sky. Yellow light spread out on the ground and fused with the green wind and red sand.

The overlapping of these three colors created black!

Immediately, this area turned black and the black wind whistled, spreading in all directions.

An aura of death grew at this moment, becoming increasingly dense.

Ning Yan and the others were shocked. From the captain's words and his actions at this moment, they had a strong feeling that what the other party was going to do this time would definitely be extremely great.

Xu Qing's expression was solemn as he looked at the captain.

"There should be more than these two conditions."

The captain laughed and with a wave of his hand, he took out eight bronze daggers and swung them in all directions.

Immediately, the eight daggers spread out but they didn't pierce into the sand. Instead, the blades pointed down and floated in the air.

They emitted black lightning that rapidly spread, forming an incomplete circle.

They were the holy items of the Wind Guard Race. Back then, they were sent to the apothecary and landed with the heir. Now, they were clearly borrowed by the captain.

After doing this, the captain lifted his hand toward Xu Qing.

"Little Qing, lend me the holy item you took from the Wind Guard Race back then."

Xu Qing didn't hesitate. He took out the dagger from his storage bag and threw it to the captain. The captain then performed a series of hand seals and pointed.

Immediately, the dagger headed straight for the incomplete part of the circle. The moment it landed, black lightning spread out and a ten-thousand-foot-long circle appeared in the air with them as the center.

Countless complicated runes manifested in the lightning. They looked like characters but few would be able to recognize them.

"Wind Guard Race, follow the agreement of your bloodline. Come out!"

The captain stomped fiercely on the ground.

The black wind whistled and the nine holy item daggers buzzed, enhancing the captain's voice. It echoed in all directions and was also transmitted to the bottom of the desert.

Very soon, a large number of vortexes appeared in the desert outside the ten-thousand-foot-long circle.

There were no less than thousands of them of various sizes surrounding the circle. As they continued to rotate, the figures of the Wind Guard Race cultivators appeared one after another.

A similar circle appeared on the forehead of every member of the clan. It resonated with the circle in the air and flickered at the same time.

The person closest to the 10,000-foot-long circle was none other than the Wind Guard Ancestor. He looked at Xu Qing and the others in bewilderment as his expression kept changing.

As for the other clansmen, it was the same. Every one of their hearts was churning as they looked at the 10,000-foot-long circle in disbelief.

"This ritual…"

The Wind Guard Ancestor's heart was in turmoil.

He knew that this ritual was the highest ritual recorded in their race's bloodline. It was also their true mission that outsiders couldn't know about.

Protect the wind, protect the desert, wait… for the day when a person appeared in the black wind.

The moment this person appeared, a circle would appear above the ground, their bloodlines would fluctuate, and a ritual array formation would appear on their forehead.

This was the meaning of their race's existence.

However, even in his dreams, the Wind Guard Ancestor would never have thought that the mission their race had waited for many years would appear today.

Moreover, the person who appeared was actually the cultivator from the apothecary.

This caused his mind to fluctuate greatly.

"Little Qing, the third condition to open that place is naturally this Wind Guard Race."

"What is needed is all the members of this race who have appeared on the day when the black wind descends over the countless years."

The captain's voice echoed as he looked at the Wind Guard Ancestor.

The ancestor's body trembled. The rumbling from his bloodline instantly made him lower his head and speak instinctively.

"Respect the god's decree!"

As his voice rang out, four of the surrounding vortices turned white. At the same time, the four clansmen inside also appeared.

There were men and women among these four tribesmen and their ages varied. However, what was similar was their hair, brows, and even their pupils. They were all white.

This type of clansmen had a special status in the Wind Guard Race. They were protected very well from the moment they were born until they died.

The mission of the Wind Guard Race required that at any given time, there must be three or more of these tribesmen present.

"Also, the skulls!"

The captain's body floated up and he spoke in a deep voice.

The Ancestor of the Wind Guards took a deep breath and immediately passed down the order. Very soon, nine black craniums were carefully taken out of their territory. Nine clansmen carried them and placed them under each of the daggers floating in the air.

"Little Qing, the ruler's Deity Slaying Stage was turned into an illusion by that great person and hidden in the wind of the green sand desert. Only the memories of the Race of the Wind Guards can open it."

"Now, the rite of sacrifice can begin."































































"Respect the god's decree!"

The Wind Guard Ancestor lowered his head.

Outsiders didn't know but the members of the Wind Guard Race were very clear that they had a belief, and what they believed in was a god.

This god gave them life and a mission.

And from the fluctuations from their souls, they could clearly sense that the god… was right in front of them.

As for the form and strength of the god, it wasn't something they had to consider. This was because a god was a god, capable of transforming all things and assuming myriad forms.

As he spoke, the ancestor immediately sat down cross-legged. The instant he closed his eyes, he lifted his right hand and pressed two fingers on the circle on his forehead.

The soul fluctuations instantly spread out from his body and fused into the black wind.

At the same time, chants echoed from the mouth of the captain who was floating in the air.

"The heavens and earth coexist, the black wind scalds the gods, refining the nine paths, returning to the true form!"

"The black platform has no cover, the memory sea has a body, the soul and spirit are one, sharing the same root with heaven and earth!"

This voice was ancient and contained some kind of will. The moment it was transmitted, the entire green sand desert rumbled. The ground trembled and sand rose from the ground, all of them shaking.

Lightning descended from the sky and exploded in all directions, stirring up endless echoes.

The entire green sand desert was stirred.



This chant didn't end there. It continued and repeated.

Very soon, the Wind Guard Ancestor also chanted.

In the end, all the surrounding Wind Guard clansmen also lifted their fingers and pressed them on their forehead, chanting as well.

As they chanted, the fluctuations of their souls continued to spread and fuse into the wind. Gradually, the black wind here transformed into a huge vortex.

The rotation of this vortex was the exact opposite of the vortex in the ten-thousand-foot-long circle!

One went left to right, and the other went right to left.

The two vortices continued to spin, forming an astonishing force that emitted a heaven-shaking sound.

As they pulled at each other, the memories hidden in the wind were slowly sensed by this race.

Xu Qing looked at all of this from afar. Even though he had some understanding of his eldest senior brother's past, he still felt the same shock as the ritual dance for the gods back then.

"How many more arrangements did Eldest Senior Brother make in his previous life…"

"The god's grand ritual dancer is one of them, and the Wind Guard Race is another. Also, Eighth Grandpa and Fifth Grandma said that they are familiar with Eldest Senior Brother. Eldest Senior Brother should have gone to the places where the descendants of the ruler were sealed back then."

With Xu Qing's understanding of Chen Erniu, when the other party introduced this Wind Guard Race, the so-called great person he mentioned was most likely referring to himself.

"Then, the existence he mentioned…"

Xu Qing narrowed his eyes. He instinctively thought of the high god that the captain had mentioned in the ritual dance incident in the Heavenly Bull Mountain Range.

'High god…'

The legend of the green sand desert appeared in Xu Qing's mind. An answer appeared in his mind.

While Xu Qing was pondering, the expressions of Ning Yan, Wu Jianwu, Li Youfei, and the others were moved. Even though Ning Yan and Wu Jianwu had done a few things with the captain, a storm still stirred in their hearts.

As for Li Youfei… To him, ever since he met Xu Qing, everything he had experienced had exceeded his imagination.

Even Nether Fairy had a solemn expression. Clearly, she was also shocked by this huge move.

In the vortex, as the different vortices pulled and the wind fused with the memories of the Wind Guard Race, images gradually appeared in the vortex.

'Countless images, encompassing all things, conveyed a sense of ancientness.'

 These were all memories that came from everyone in the Wind Guard Race. They also came from the memories of this desert.

After these memories appeared with the soul fluctuations, they gathered together and transformed into a sea of memories inside and outside the vortex.

This sea spread out, illuminating the sky and landing on the ground. After covering the surroundings, it poured into nine locations.

That was where the nine skulls on the ground were.

These nine skulls were like bone bowls that seemed to be able to contain everything.

Just like that, time flowed by.

The sea of memories continued to appear and flow.

When the eighth hour arrived, the nine skulls were already filled with memories that were like liquid.

This water changed between illusory and real. It was sometimes black and sometimes white.

It was extremely strange.

Xu Qing swept his gaze over. In the water of memory, he sensed a wisp of god's aura.

It was also at this moment that the captain, who was floating in the air and presiding over the ritual, performed a series of hand seals with both hands and waved them fiercely. Immediately, lightning erupted unprecedentedly from the nine daggers.

"Freeze!"

Under his thunderous voice, the nine bronze daggers headed straight for the nine bowls below and pierced into them one by one, instantly stabilizing the memory water that was fluctuating between illusion and reality.

The black and white fused together and turned gray!

In this gray liquid, a miniature image appeared.

It was a straight mountain range that extended into the pitch-black darkness. There seemed to be lightning streaking across the sky inside, and on both sides of the mountain range were black abysses, as though they were hiding demons.

As for the details, as the water surface rippled, it couldn't be seen clearly.

However, everyone, including Xu Qing, had an answer to describe the origins of this scene in their hearts. Clearly, that place… was the place where the ruler had killed the god.

At the same time, a single drop of blood floated out of the foreheads of the four Wind Guard clansmen who were born on special days. They gathered in the air and floated in front of the captain.

They were part of the process of opening the memory key.

The other part came from the captain.

The captain bit his finger and squeezed out a drop of blood that was different from the past. The color of this blood… was blue.

The moment it appeared, the five drops of blood fused into nine portions that landed in the nine skulls.

After doing all this, it reached the eighth hour since the black wind blew.

"Let's… enter!"

The captain laughed loudly. He lifted his right hand and grabbed a skull, drinking the liquid in it in one gulp. His body instantly blurred and fused into the wind, disappearing.

Xu Qing didn't hesitate and did the same.

The others gritted their teeth. For their own goals, they all picked up a bone bowl and drank the liquid.

Very soon, everyone's figures dissipated like the captain.

Everything was normal in the green sand desert. As the black wind whistled, the sea of memories was still fluctuating, drowning everything here.

As for Xu Qing and the others, they had already appeared at the place they had seen in the bone bowl.

This place didn't belong to reality or illusion. It existed in the gap between illusions and memories. It was mysterious and ingenious.

However, at the instant it appeared and the instant he saw his surroundings clearly, everything here was slightly different from what Xu Qing and the others saw in the bone bowl.

Firstly, the world here wasn't completely pitch-black. Between the sky and the ground, there was a bright light.

The source of the light came from lanterns floating in the air.

There were a lot of them and they were densely packed. They shone brightly and illuminated this world.

Every lantern's leather exuded an eerie atmosphere, adorned with ghostly faces – some crying, some laughing, some angry, and some surprised.

It was lifelike, as though it was made of human skin.

With the help of the light from these lanterns, a straight and vast mountain range was clearly reflected in Xu Qing's eyes.

It was like a blade, slanting upward and extending extremely long. Its end seemed to be connected to the sky.

The place they were at was the starting point of this mountain range. A circular platform had been built here. The ground was shattered and filled with cracks. An ancient feeling of time lingered in all directions, revealing ancientness and decay.

As for the two sides of the mountain range, it was endless darkness. The light from the world couldn't shine in. Occasionally, there would be mournful roars that rang out from the darkness, accompanied by the sound of sharp claws rubbing against mountain rocks.

It was as though there was an extremely terrifying existence trying to climb up the mountain range from the abyss below the mountain range.

The sky was also pitch-black and it was difficult for the light source to illuminate it. One could only vaguely see a huge crack that was split open in the sky like a scar.

Thunder continued to rumble from the crack, as though it was very difficult to stop.

Occasionally, there would be blue lightning flickering in the crack in the sky.

This was an incomparably strange place.

This scene caused everyone who arrived to have solemn expressions. Even Nether Fairy was extremely vigilant. Regardless of whether it was the human-skinned lanterns or the terrifying aura under the abyss, she sensed intense danger.

"Those human-skinned lanterns are transformed from the sins of the sovereign. They hate all living beings. Once one is touched by them, they will be assimilated into human-skinned lanterns."

"As for the existences under the abyss, they are the accumulation of resentment before the Crimson Goddess died. Their malefice makes everyone who walks on this mountain range a target of hostility."

The captain understood this place extremely well. He stood at the front and spoke in a low voice. After that, he turned around and faced Xu Qing with a smile on his face.

"Junior Brother, welcome to… the recording venue of the large-scale show."

"Here, you will see an earth-shattering event that happened in history long ago."

"And what we need to do is walk there."

The captain raised his hand and pointed at the crack in the sky.

"Walk there and begin our recording."

"As for the name of the script, I've already thought of it. It's called… God Slaying!"

"As for the content, I'll tell you guys when we get there. Don't worry… Every one of you has a role to play."

The captain was beaming with joy. After saying that, he took out several blue candles and gave one to each of them.

Xu Qing took it and held it in his hand. While it felt greasy, he also detected the stench of blood. Just as he was making a guess, he discovered that Ning Yan and Wu Jianwu had complicated expressions on their faces, as though they wanted to vomit.

"If we light the candles in our hands, we'll be able to safely pass through this area. However, the prerequisite is that… the candles can't be extinguished on the way."

As he spoke, the captain blew on the candle in his hand. Immediately, the candle burned and a black fog was released, enveloping his figure as he walked toward the mountain range.

Xu Qing nodded and also exhaled on the candle. Black fog emerged and spread in the surroundings before he stepped forward.

As the others ignited their candles one after another, very soon, their group walked on the mountain range.

"Remember, the candle can't be extinguished…"

The captain's voice rang out from the black fog ahead.

From afar, on the mountain range that connected to the sky, six lumps of black fog enveloped six figures. They were separated by dozens of feet and proceeded further and further away.

As for the human skin lanterns in the air, they were still swaying. The abyss on both sides of the mountain range rumbled as usual and the sound of sharp blades grating against rocks resonated ear-piercingly.































































In the bright world, atop the razor-edged mountain range, a group of people sped swiftly.

The captain was at the front, followed by Xu Qing, Wu Jianwu, Nether Fairy, Li Youfei, and Ning Yan.

They were separated by hundreds of feet and were each shrouded in thick black fog, unable to see the outside world or perceive each other.

Xu Qing held the lit blue candle and stood in the black fog released by the candle, moving forward vigilantly.

It was fine if the captain didn't remind him about the candle being extinguished, but with this reminder, Xu Qing couldn't help but recall his past experiences.

Hence, the cultivation base in his body instinctively circulated. At this moment, Xu Qing had automatically ignored the agreement that he couldn't use Red Moon's authority.

Not only did the authority of the Red Moon surge through his entire body, but Xu Qing also spread out the Poison Restriction and surrounded his body.

There was also the morning glow flowing around him.

He was already prepared for accidents that could happen at any time.

At this moment, Ling'er, who was at his collar, moved her body. She carefully stuck her head out and looked outside.

"Brother Xu Qing, this place is somewhat similar to the Ancient Spirit World. There are many souls here but most of the souls in the Ancient Spirit World are individual beings. However, this place seems to possess some special laws that allow countless souls to fuse together."

"I can vaguely hear them whispering. They seem to be saying something but I can't hear the details. However, I feel that they are observing us."

Ling'er whispered.

Xu Qing nodded and walked even faster. However, the fog emitted by the candle in his hand blocked his vision and he couldn't see the captain in front of him.



He couldn't sense the latter either.

Even the shadow was suppressed here and was unable to spread outwards.

Only Ling'er seemed to have some ability to explore this place with her Ancient Spirit Race's talent.

"Ling'er, I can't sense the outside, and I can barely see the path beneath my feet. Can you perceive the external surroundings?"

Xu Qing spoke inwardly.

"Yes. Although it's blurry, I can still vaguely sense that everything is normal around Brother Xu Qing. Everyone is moving forward within their respective fog and heading in the right direction. More than 100 feet in front of you is Senior Brother Erniu, and behind you is Big Jianjian."

Xu Qing nodded and sped along the mountain range.

Just like that, the speed of the six of them became faster and faster. Every one of them focused and extremely vigilant. Even though Nether Fairy's cultivation was high, she didn't dare to be distracted at all.

In this strange world, other than the human skin lanterns in the air and the roars from the abyss on both sides, there were also gusts of mountain wind.

This wind was astonishing and contained monstrous killing intent, causing one's scalp to turn numb.

It blew across the mountain range and landed on everyone's fog. As the fog distorted and swayed, it also caused endless coldness to rise in everyone's hearts. It was as though long sabers were whistling past them.

Every strike contained an extreme baleful aura that shook one's mind. It was as though it could ignore one's cultivation and directly slay one's soul.

"The wind is picking up. Hold onto your candles tightly, focus your spiritual energy."

The captain's deep voice rang out in the wind, falling into every lump of fog.

"This wind will cause the roars from the abyss to ring out even more clearly. After these sounds gather to a certain extent, they will transform into familiar voices."

"This place is hidden in memories, so the instant we entered this place and saw this place, this place also became a part of our memories.

"Similarly, our existences are also remembered by this world."

"And in this way, our own memories have actually blended with this place. So, the voices each person hears are different, stemming from the obsessions within their own hearts."

"Remember, it's all fake. Don't believe it, don't dwell on it, and never look back!"

As the captain spoke these words, his voice wavered, becoming increasingly faint. Meanwhile, the surrounding wind intensified, and the howling became more pronounced.

Xu Qing lifted his head and looked at the fog in front of him. He was thinking of a question.

 The captain's words mentioned not to believe the voices coming from the wind. In that case… could the captain's words be trusted?

If it was really the captain's words, why didn't he say it earlier?

Additionally, if indeed it was the captain's words, was it possible that he spoke them at this moment not just as a warning, but for another undisclosed reason?

Xu Qing was about to speak. However, at the next instant, he dispelled this impulse. Regardless of the authenticity of the voice, responding to it, in itself, was a form of causality.

Moreover, whether it was true or not wasn't important. What was important was that he had a clear direction and could walk on the path under his feet.

With such thoughts in mind, Xu Qing's gaze was calm as he continued walking on this long mountain range.

Soon, fifteen minutes passed. When the group had covered more than half of the journey, the warnings mentioned by the captain earlier came to fruition.

Different voices rang out in their ears.

Xu Qing heard Captain Lei's voice, as well as the voices of Grandmaster Bai, Old Master Seventh, and Zi Xuan. He even heard his parents and Crown Prince Purple Green calling out to him.

Xu Qing was calm and unmoved. He didn't think that anyone would really choose to turn back and take a look under such circumstances. As he continued forward, he also lifted his right hand and pressed down on Ling'er's neck, not letting her be distracted.

It was unknown what Nether Fairy heard but she was expressionless and didn't slow down at all.

At his age, Li Youfei had experienced a lot. Back then, to be able to play tricks with Xu Qing when they first met, he was naturally a shrewd person. He could suppress the fluctuations in his heart and ignore the voices.

As for Wu Jianwu, he heard Yunxia's voice in the wind. It seemed to be behind him, calling out to him.

This sudden scene stunned Wu Jianwu. However, when he thought of how the other party had decisively left back then, Wu Jianwu sneered and ignored it, quickening his pace instead.

Then, he heard a deep voice that was filled with dignity. It seemed to come from ancient times and perfectly matched all his understanding of the Ancient Sovereign Mystic Nether.

"The nine heavens recall the past, the ten abysses' fog shrouds the past and present!"

Wu Jianwu's heart trembled. He instinctively wanted to turn around and take a look but at the next instant, he felt that something was amiss. He thought to himself that this poem didn't make sense – the rhythm was all wrong, and it seemed to have a grand and powerful aura, but in reality, it was just nonsensical rambling.

Hence, he let out another cold snort and walked forward.

Finally, it was Ning Yan's turn. He heard a lot until he heard the last sentence.

"Prince[1]…"

Ning Yan stopped in his tracks. After recalling the captain's words, he fell silent for a few breaths before continuing forward.

On the mountain range, the fog that everyone was in moved rapidly. No accidents happened.

After Xu Qing found out about all of this through Ling'er, his vigilance grew even stronger. He instinctively felt that the strangeness of this world wouldn't be so simple.

Hence, he remained calm. As he walked, he judged how far he was from the end according to the passage of time and his speed.

As for the candle in his hand, it was clearly burning even faster here, and now, there was only wax stem left.

"Almost there."

Xu Qing mumbled inwardly and continued walking. However, at that moment, Ling'er's horrified voice suddenly rang out in his mind.

"Brother Xu Qing… I saw that the lumps of black fog in our group aren't six… but seven."

"The extra appeared in an instant, and the fog that the others were in appears to have switched… I can't tell who's who now."

Xu Qing's gaze froze. He lowered his head and looked at Ling'er. Noticing the horror in Ling'er's eyes, Xu Qing was certain that this was indeed Ling'er's voice.

The other party's words weren't beyond his expectations.

The strangeness of this world had already appeared one after another. Regardless of whether it was the voice from before or the additional lump of black fog that Ling'er mentioned.

"Don't look. Continue forward."

The instant Xu Qing replied inwardly, the captain's voice rang out again and landed in everyone's ears.

"We're about to reach the end. We're finally going to cross this stage. However, we can't relax because the candles are burning much faster here than in the other areas. This means that we've already attracted the attention of this place."

"Therefore, we have to sprint forward at full speed and reach the place where the mountain range connects to the sky before the candle burns out."

"Now, everyone, speed up!"

The captain's voice echoed. On the mountain range, the seven lumps of black fog couldn't see each other's foggy figures and had different thoughts.

Ning Yan was stunned and Wu Jianwu was also surprised. They of course observed that the candles in their hands were about to burn out but the two of them clearly remembered that the captain had made many candles back then. Logically speaking, if one candle wasn't enough, each of them should have had two candles previously.

Li Youfei hesitated. He couldn't tell if the voice was real or fake and he couldn't see anyone else. He didn't know if he should believe it.

As for Nether Fairy, she sneered coldly and continued to move forward slowly.

Surprisingly, the captain walking at the forefront remained unconcerned.

Only Wu Jianwu, who was behind Xu Qing, suddenly sped up for some reason and headed straight for the end.

Right now, he was still 2,000 feet away.

He quickly passed by Xu Qing and the fog that the captain was in, moving closer and closer to the end.

At this moment, the wind in front of him was blowing very intensely. The burning of the candle in his hand moreover suddenly sped up.

Finally, when he was 100 feet away from the end, the candle in Wu Jianwu's hand completely burned out. The moment it was extinguished, the fog in his surroundings instantly dissipated, revealing a figure with horror in his eyes.

Seeing that there were still 100 feet left, Wu Jianwu grew anxious. This was especially so when he observed the six lumps of black fog that were still moving slowly on the mountain range. He knew that he was the only one who had rushed out. This caused him to reveal a look of surprise.

He seemed to have realized that he was tricked, but he had no choice now. He could only grit his teeth and rush to the end 100 feet away.

However, at this moment, the color of the world changed.

Streaks of blue lightning rumbled in the sky. Countless human skin lanterns turned their heads in unison. The instant they looked at Wu Jianwu, they rushed toward him rapidly. Their speed was so fast that they seemed to be teleporting as they got close.

There were moreover deafening panting sounds coming from the abyss on both sides of the mountain range. There were also majestic figures slapping the mountain rocks as though they were rapidly climbing up.

Terrifying fluctuations spread out and the entire mountain range trembled intensely. The world distorted and the surroundings became blurry. It was as though there was a god in the abyss.

At the same time, among Xu Qing and the others on the mountain range, a lump of fog suddenly rushed out with greed at a speed that exceeded everything.

It headed straight for Wu Jianwu.

The speed was so fast that the fog covering its body dissipated, revealing… a human-skinned lantern!

The face of this lantern was actually somewhat similar to the captain's.

It approached in the blink of an eye with a crazed expression. The instant Wu Jianwu was less than ten feet away from the end and was about to reach it, it directly rushed in front of him.

It opened its mouth with a sinister expression and was about to devour.

However, at that moment, Wu Jianwu suddenly gave up on moving forward. He lifted his right hand and it shone with a blue light as he grabbed the human skin lantern.

The lantern was stunned for a moment before attempting to dodge, but it was too late. Caught by Wu Jianwu, it was pulled back, falling onto the altar at the end.

At this moment, the countless human-skinned lanterns paused in unison, as though they had lost their target. They became as quiet as before and drifted in the surroundings.

As for the menacing roars from the abyss, they moreover stopped. The slapping of the mountain rocks continued to weaken.

Clearly, when the travelers traveled past the mountain range and reached the altar, they would lose their target.

At that moment, Wu Jianwu, who was standing on the altar with the lantern in his hand, was beaming with joy as he laughed proudly.

"I've finally lured out this thing."

Amidst his laughter, Wu Jianwu's face and figure changed. A large amount of liquid flowed out of his body, revealing his appearance as the captain!

He was actually the captain in disguise.

[1] The term used here is 皇儿 which means son of the emperor.































































Looking at the lantern in his hand, the captain mumbled to himself.

"Did the heir and the elders really not follow us? Otherwise, how could they have held back from eating the dark souls under the abyss just now?"

The captain sighed. Ignoring the struggle of the human-skinned lantern, his left hand quickly performed a series of hand seals and pressed down on the lantern face that was 80% similar to his face.

The lantern let out deep roars with its sinister face.

However, as soon as this roar rang out, the captain bit the tip of his tongue and spat out a large mouthful of blood.

Immediately, the lantern was drenched in blood.

"Shut up. You're the face of my past life that I placed here back then. How dare you roar at me!"

When the captain's voice rang out, Xu Qing had already walked past the mountain range at a moderate pace and stepped on the altar.

The candle in his hand was burned out completely right at that moment. After the fog dissipated, Xu Qing saw everything in his surroundings clearly. His gaze finally landed on the captain and the lantern in his hand.

The captain proudly lifted the lantern.

"I left this thing behind back then and hid it here. Because it doesn't have a brain and only has a face left, its intelligence is limited."

"I know it too well. Since we set foot on the mountain, I haven't said a word. But this thing, taking advantage of the fog blocking our senses to the outside world, has been speaking a lot. I'm sure you've heard it too."

As the captain spoke, the others also stepped onto the altar one after another. They were all a little surprised by the smoothness of this trip.

The captain smiled and continued speaking.

"At the start, it told you not to turn back because it wanted to obtain your trust. It was also worried that the existence under the abyss would snatch its food."

"After obtaining the trust, its last sentence was to make you hurry up so that it could devour you."



"It was fishing, and so was I. Although this thing doesn't have a brain, it's still instinctively cautious. If I didn't fish like this, it definitely wouldn't have gotten close."

"This hurdle isn't actually difficult with my candle. What's difficult is to bait it out."

The captain patted the lantern's face.

After its face was sprayed with blood, it seemed to be on the verge of death. At this moment, it suddenly opened its mouth, trying to bite the captain's finger. The captain casually slapped it.

"Give it to me!" Nether Fairy calmly spoke with a cold gaze.

The captain blinked and threw it over. This was one of the prices he had to pay in exchange for Nether Fairy's agreement to follow him.

After taking the human-skinned lantern and looking at the face that was 80% similar to Chen Erniu's, Nether Fairy's eyes turned red. She raised her right hand and ruthlessly slapped it.

This wasn't the end. One slap after another, the human-skinned lantern started wailing. The sound was so pitiable that even Ning Yan, Wu Jianwu, and the others were shaken.

The captain encouraged from the side.

"Nice slap. Put in more strength, you can do it!"

When Nether Fairy heard this, she became even angrier. As for the human-skinned lantern, it was also strange. No matter how Nether Fairy attacked, it didn't collapse. Even though its face was puffed up, it quickly returned to normal.

This scene was very strange.

Xu Qing swept his gaze over and was about to speak.

However, at this moment, a familiar voice suddenly rang out in his mind.

"This lantern is quite interesting."

This ancient voice belonged to none other than the heir!

Xu Qing closed his mouth. He was both surprised and unsurprised by the voice in his mind. After that, another voice rang out in his mind.

"Yes, it's a treasure, especially the refinement technique. It has the style of Brilliant Heaven. This Chen Erniu's background is indeed mysterious."

This was Princess Mingmei.

 "I knew this guy was fishy. That's why I suggested we secretly follow him. Earlier, it seemed like I was getting close to him, but in reality, I was just baiting him to give me information!"

This was Eighth Grandpa.

"Compared to this, I actually want to know more where the mysterious high god who cooperated with him came from! Is it as we analyzed previously?"

This was Grandma Five.

"There will be an answer to this question here. Also, the dark souls in this canyon contain an ancient aura. To us, they are rare nourishing items."

The heir smiled.

When Xu Qing heard these voices in his mind, he quietly lifted his head and looked at the sky. At that moment, the place where they were at was actually the top of the sky. Looking over, the pitch-black sky also seemed to be an abyss.

This was especially so for the scar in the sky. It was fine when looking at it from the starting point of the mountain range previously. Now that he was so close, this scar was like a huge canyon.

Lightning flashed inside but it couldn't illuminate the darkness. Only rumbling sounds echoed from time to time and spread out in the darkness.

Noticing Xu Qing's gaze, the captain walked over and patted his shoulder.

"Little Qing, although the second hurdle is dangerous, I am already prepared."

"Let me tell you, there are countless souls in this canyon. These souls are special and contain ancient auras. Once they get close, our lives will be tainted by ancientness and we will rapidly age until we wither and die."

As he spoke, the captain took out a stack of long talismans and distributed them to everyone.

"After we enter later, we'll burn these as we move. This time, we won't split up. We have to stick together. As long as the fire isn't extinguished, those souls won't get close."

"These skins are all good stuff. Use them sparingly…"

The captain couldn't bear to part with them and reminded them again.

After Xu Qing took them, he immediately recognized that this was Eldest Senior Brother's skin from the touch. Hence, he glanced at him sympathetically.

He felt that it was better not to tell Eldest Senior Brother about the arrival of the heir and the others. Otherwise, the other party's mood might instantly be unhappy.

Although the heir and the others should show themselves soon, at least the captain would be happy for a while.

Xu Qing exhaled heavily and walked toward the straight canyon in front of him.

The instant he entered, the world reversed.

The sky became the ground, and the ground became the sky.

The canyon that was originally in the sky appeared in front of Xu Qing. The canyon was like a thread of heaven, while the mountains that were once razor-edged now formed the canopy of the sky.

Its slanted appearance seemed as if it were truly a giant blade, lifted high in the sky, ready to descend at any moment, seamlessly fitting into this canyon, and… perfectly aligned.

Such a phenomenon naturally felt oppressive to everyone who appeared in this canyon one after another.

They felt like an executioner's blade was hanging over their heads.

While everyone was shaken, the captain took out a piece of skin and burned it.

The darkness in the surroundings acted like ink, transforming into countless wisps that slowly retreated in all directions, leaving the area where the flames were located empty.

"Don't waste them. We only need two burning at the same time. I'll keep mine lit consistently. As for the rest of you, ignite one each at intervals."

"Big Jianjian, you go first, followed by Little Ningning, Li Youfei, Big Bu… Sister Nether Fairy, and Little Qing."

As the captain's words echoed, a warmth spread along with the firelight, enveloping the hearts and bodies of the group. Beyond the flames, distortions began to emerge. Xu Qing could clearly see pairs of cold, evil eyes in the darkness.

In fact, amidst the surging undercurrents, there seemed to be some huge creatures appearing in the darkness, eying them covetously.

A sense of life-and-death crisis grew in Xu Qing's heart.

However, when he thought of the heir and the others, he felt relieved.

As for Wu Jianwu, he swiftly lit a talisman skin, expanding the range of the fire.

"Let's go."

The captain took a deep breath and walked forward. Xu Qing followed behind. Everyone followed the canyon into the darkness.

As they walked over, under the illumination of the fire, the area they were in became the only source of light in this black world. While blocking the external dangers, it naturally attracted more malicious gazes hidden in the darkness.

Coupled with the slanted mountain range in the sky, the pressure on everyone was also extremely great.

Ning Yan and Wu Jianwu already regretted coming here. As for Li Youfei, he followed closely behind Xu Qing. He felt that only by doing this would he feel a sense of security.

Nether Fairy was at the back. She sneered and continued to slap the human-skinned lantern.

Just like that, time flowed by and very soon, two hours passed.

When everyone walked halfway through this canyon, the number of skins burned exceeded dozens.

The further they went, the faster the skins burned. Although the captain was well-prepared, his heart ached when he saw how much his skin was being used up.

After all, he was the one who endured the pain to peel off every single one of them.

At this speed, he was worried that if it wasn't enough, he might have to skin himself at the last minute.

"That can't be…"

The captain let out a long sigh.

In the end, Xu Qing couldn't bear it and whispered inwardly.

'Senior…'

'Alright, the number attracted from the surroundings is about enough.'

The heir calmly spoke. In the next instant, the talismans in the captain and Ning Yan's hands were instantly extinguished in the burning state.

Everyone was shocked and on guard. The captain's eyes also widened.

At the same time, as the fire disappeared, everything in the surroundings fell into darkness again. The souls gathered in the darkness all headed straight for everyone with greed and madness.

The sounds of wild shrieks and howls echoed in all directions. However, these sounds suddenly changed and transformed into cries of horror that continued to travel in all directions.

It was as though they had encountered something that terrified them.

However, it was still too late. Xu Qing felt his sleeves sway a few times and a few figures flew out. After that, the cries of horror turned into heart-rending cries.

Accompanied by terrifying chewing sounds, countless souls were being devoured!

Thunder rumbled and lightning flashed, illuminating the surroundings slightly clearer. Xu Qing could vaguely see the figures of the heir and the others transforming into vortexes that were devouring crazily in different directions.

Countless souls shattered under the tearing of the vortex and were eventually sucked into the vortex, becoming food.

At this moment, the elders no longer gave Xu Qing the feeling of kindness he usually saw. Instead, they gave off coldness.

Xu Qing was calm and wasn't surprised.

He knew that this was the true Soul Accumulation.

From a certain perspective, it had already surpassed the scope of life.

The reason why they looked amiable and kind was because they were only around Xu Qing and the juniors in the apothecary.

However, to outsiders, the term 'Soul Accumulation' was… no different from a god!































































Xu Qing had experienced touching the divinity before and had some understanding of this.

At that moment, the lightning dissipated and the darkness drowned again, covering the vortices formed by the heir and the others. As screams rang out from afar, it was obvious that the heir and his siblings were gradually moving further away.

Wherever they passed, everything was cleaned out.

The captain sighed, looking at the pieces of skin in his hand, feeling aches all over his body. A mix of emotions welled up within him, and he then turned to look at Xu Qing.

"Little Qing, do you think they did this with malice…"

"I asked them, but they said they couldn't come. So, I used my own fat to make candles and my own skin to make talismans. Do you know… how painful that is?"

Xu Qing nodded and comforted.

"Captain, put them away. I don't think we'll need them for the rest of the journey. Also, let's not waste it. Saving what we can might come in handy later. Maybe you can put them back on your body."

The captain frowned and let out a long sigh. He put away all the skin talismans and walked forward.

The canyon was still pitch-black and the surroundings were still cold. However, there was no danger.

Ning Yan and Wu Jianwu sighed with emotion. Li Youfei also sighed. Nether Fairy didn't care about this and was even very excited. If Chen Erniu wasn't happy, she would be happy.

Since she was happy, she continued to hit the lantern.



Just like that, another two hours passed and everyone arrived at the end of the canyon without any obstructions.

The moment they walked out of the reversed sky, a broken altar was reflected in their eyes.

This altar must have been extremely vast when it was intact.

This was because its shattered pieces were all boulders and there were a few statues standing in the surroundings.

These statues were 100,000 feet tall. Although they were broken and looked ancient, their auras were still astonishing.

Xu Qing and the others felt like they had entered a country of giants.

Here, it was filled with extremely dense resentment and baleful aura that dyed the surroundings, causing everything in sight to distort to varying degrees.

It affected the sky, causing the sky here to be different from what Xu Qing had seen on the way. The sky here was even higher, like the sky beyond the sky.

Between the pervading resentment and baleful aura, a massive vortex formed, constantly roaring and never ceasing in its relentless rotation.

Within this vortex, wind, rain, thunder, and lightning, as well as the sun, moon, and stars, harbored endless laws, constantly changing and erupting, creating terrifying fluctuations.

It was soul-shaking.

Xu Qing looked at the majestic vortex in the distance and his heart churned.

He could sense the fluctuations of the god within, mixed with the aura of the Crimson Goddess. There was also a vast might that was extremely domineering. It was as though the world had to kneel down in front of it.

Vaguely, there was also a furious roar that seemed to have come from ancient times. Coupled with the heart-rending and sharp sound, it caused Xu Qing's entire body to shine with blood light. His divine repository undulated and the morning glow spread out. The Poison Restriction fluctuated and instinctively resisted.

However, even so, he still spat out a mouthful of blood and staggered back.

"Even the heir might not be able to easily enter this vortex…"

Xu Qing's expression was solemn as he muttered inwardly. If he was already so shocked, there was no need to mention the others.

At that moment, the expressions of Ning Yan, Wu Jianwu, and Li Youfei changed drastically. All of them spat out blood and their souls were being torn.

At this moment, Ning Yan's bloodline was also stimulated. His entire body emitted a yellow light but he still couldn't resist and fainted.

As for Li Youfei, his body trembled. Even though he was a Nascent Soul cultivator, under this vortex, Nascent Soul cultivators weren't much better than Golden Cores. As blood spurted out, he was heavily injured and fainted.

As for Wu Jianwu, his cultivation was the weakest but he had many descendants. At this critical moment, he waved his hand and summoned a large number of his descendants. They surrounded his body and released the power of their bloodline to augment him. Although he also coughed blood, he didn't faint.

Nether Fairy's expression was also solemn. She looked at the vortex in the sky and five secret repositories rose around her. Only then was she fine.

The captain also spat out a mouthful of blood and took a few steps back. However, his eyes revealed intense excitement. His breathing was hurried as he pointed at the broken altar under the vortex and laughed wildly.

 "Little Qing, do you see it? This is our destination!"

"This is the place where the ruler of the Moon Worship Region killed the Crimson Goddess before she became a god back then!"

"Before the Crimson Goddess became a god, she was also at the ruler realm!"

"According to the information I gathered in my previous life, there should have been a God Slaying Platform here formed by the gathering of the ruler's divine powers, capable of turning the intangible into tangible!"

"It was that God Slaying Platform that beheaded the Crimson Goddess, but afterward, it was utterly loathed by the Crimson Goddess and collapsed, body and spirit annihilated. But it's okay!"

The captain's eyes gleamed with an increasingly intense madness, his voice becoming more impassioned.

"This won't affect the major thing we're going to do. And now that we're here, there are some things that I can finally say completely. There's no need to worry about karmic consequences, as revealing them outside would alert the dormant Crimson Goddess."

Xu Qing's eyes gleamed as he looked at the captain.

"Little Qing, do you know why my script is called God Slaying?"

"Because you are going to recreate the scene of the ruler killing the Crimson Goddess here!"

Xu Qing calmly spoke. He had long guessed the answer. However, the captain didn't say it clearly, so he didn't probe further.

The captain laughed.

"That's right. I'll try my best to restore it as realistically as possible. I'll record it and do some post-processing to make it perfect."

"After that, I'll use all the artificial suns that I have and broadcast this scene to the whole Moon Worship Region!"

"One of those artificial suns is in the desert and there are two more that I released before I entered this place. They are now hanging in the sky above the Moon Worship Region. I have also secretly made arrangements on the other few."

"I'll be able to broadcast it after the recording is completed!"

"At that time, all living beings in the Moon Worship Region will be able to see everything in the sky no matter where they are!"

The captain's voice spread in all directions. Coupled with the rumbling of the vortex in the sky, it formed an extraordinary aura.

"Currently, all living beings in the Moon Worship Region are enveloped by despair. They need hope, they need a source of eruption. The content we're recording is their hope and the source of their eruption."

When Xu Qing heard this, he completely understood and spoke.

"Because this scene will let them know that even gods can die, nor is it necessary for them to be eternal."

"That's right!" The captain's expression was fanatical. Clearly, he had been thinking about this scene for a long time and had prepared a lot for it. Now that it was about to happen, he was truly excited.

"Eldest Senior Brother, you should have more than one goal for doing this, right?" Xu Qing fell into deep thought and looked at the captain.

"Junior Brother, you understand me best. Haha, I have three motives for doing this!"

"Firstly, I want to stimulate the fighting spirit of all living beings in the Moon Worship Region. It will be too difficult to devour the Crimson Goddess with just our strength. Hence, we need to borrow the power of all living beings and create a spark that burns the plains!"

"Secondly, only by accomplishing the first goal can I gather the power of wish from all living beings at the source of the broadcast, which is here. This wish power has significant uses, and you'll know about it later!"

"As for the third motive, when all living beings remember this scene, a seed will be planted in their hearts! The fact that the Crimson Goddess was once killed is the scene that the Crimson Goddess hates the most!"

"Little Qing, you've touched divinity before, so you should be clear about the relationship between human nature and divinity. You should also know why the Crimson Goddess is hungry. It's because the Crimson Goddess… isn't perfect."

The captain licked his lips and gazed at Xu Qing. The madness in his eyes was extremely intense now. In fact, a face had even appeared in his pupils. One could vaguely feel a sense of hunger rising uncontrollably from the captain's body.

Xu Qing nodded and calmly spoke.

"I've sensed it and guessed that the Crimson Goddess might have reached a certain balance. However, at the end of the day, She is indeed imperfect. Otherwise, if Her humanity was completely erased, She wouldn't have the feeling of hunger anymore."

The captain smiled. This smile was a little sinister, and even Nether Fairy's heart trembled.

"Therefore, what we have to do is to break this balance!"

"I will use the sacrificial dance technique to send this recording into Her consciousness when the Crimson Goddess arrives not long later. I will use Her most hated memories to awaken Her humanity!

After all, emotions are also a manifestation of human nature! Using this as a fulcrum to throw both Her human nature and divinity into complete chaos."

"At that time, the Crimson Goddess will go crazy and Her balance will be broken. She will have a flaw!"

"And this is just one of the many methods I have. When all the steps are completed, the Crimson Goddess… might really be killed again!"

"How is it, Little Qing? Am I, your Eldest Senior Brother, very powerful?!" The captain asked proudly.

Xu Qing was fully convinced. He cupped his fists and bowed.

Seeing this, the captain became even more pleased, bursting into laughter. He took strides toward Ning Yan, raised his hand, and with a resounding smack, both Ning Yan and Li Youfei spewed blood, gradually waking up from unconsciousness.

"Little Ningning, this is your script. I'll give you fifteen minutes. Remember everything. The character you are going to act as… is the ruler of the Moon Worship Region!"

When Ning Yan heard this, his entire body trembled. As for Wu Jianwu, he was anxious. He hurriedly pushed away the descendants in front of him and gazed at the captain with anticipation.

The captain waved his hand and a jade slip headed straight for Wu Jianwu.

"Little Jianjian, you're my good brother. How can I not know your dream? I'll satisfy you today. You'll play… the Ancient Sovereign Mystic Nether!"

Wu Jianwu was excited. This was his lifelong pursuit. Even if he couldn't achieve it in reality, being able to accomplish it in acting held extraordinary significance for him. Especially thinking about the numerous audience members, Wu Jianwu felt a profound exhilaration in his heart.

The captain patted Wu Jianwu's shoulder and gave him an encouraging look before turning to look at Nether Fairy.

"Big… Sister Nether Fairy, according to our previous agreement, you agreed to play the role of the Crimson Goddess."

Nether Fairy's eyes were filled with resentment as she snorted coldly.

"Give it to me!"

The captain hurriedly handed a jade slip to Nether Fairy respectfully. After that, he gazed at Xu Qing and blinked before smiling.

"Little Qing, your role is quite unique. You're not portraying a person, but blood… using your authority, depicting the blood spurting out when Crimson Mother is beheaded couldn't be more realistic."

Xu Qing was expressionless as he gazed at the captain.

The captain coughed.

"However, seeing that you're my junior brother, I'll add another character for you. How about… the divine official of the God Slaying Platform?"































































Upon the captain's words, Wu Jianwu raised his head, feeling incredibly content in his heart.

From the assignment of this role, he felt an unprecedented sense of superiority, whispering to himself.

'Erniu frolics with dirty hands, but within the Five Virtues, there's always a kind heart!'

He didn't recite it but it was obvious from his expression.

When the captain saw this, he smiled in admiration.

Seeing that everyone had their own roles, Ling'er also crawled out of Xu Qing's collar and looked at the captain, letting out an expectant voice.

"Senior Brother Erniu, what about me?"

"You? The little Dao companion of the divine official!"

The captain immediately spoke. Ling'er was instantly happy and extremely satisfied.

"And you, Little Li, you will follow Little Ningning. Your role is the eunuch who reads the ancient sovereign's decree."

Li Youfei had no specific requirements for the role he would play. Especially seeing Xu Qing taking on the role of a prop, he dared not say much and nodded hastily.

"What about you?" Xu Qing's expression was calm as he asked.

"Me? Haha, I'm old now. I won't stand in the spotlight. This chance to be in the limelight is for you young people. You youngsters are the future support. I'll peacefully provide you with good service and be a behind-the-scenes figure."

The captain put on a calm expression and handed the jade slips that recorded the script to everyone.

Among them, Wu Jianwu was the most attentive, repeatedly memorizing and immersing himself in the emotions. As for Ning Yan, he seemed to be drawn into the storyline, although not as dedicated as Wu Jianwu, it was still decent.



However, Nether Fairy only took a glance and sneered before continuing to slap the human-skinned lantern.

It was unknown if it was because she was releasing the killing intent in her heart or if it was because the human skin lantern felt good to the touch, but she felt that this behavior was quite comfortable.

The captain didn't care about Nether Fairy's actions. He looked at the small team he had prepared in satisfaction. He was both excited and looking forward to the show.

"Read it properly. When the time comes, all living beings in the entire Moon Worship Region will see you. I still have to put on makeup for you in a while. Also, the ancient attire has been prepared under the sponsorship of Sister Nether Fairy."

Wu Jianwu nodded vigorously and Ning Yan became even more serious. Only Xu Qing's expression was the same.

His script was extremely simple. There were no lines and basically no content… He only needed to release blood the moment the Crimson Goddess was beheaded.

After all, the first character Xu Qing played was blood.

As for the role of the God Slaying Platform's divine official, it also didn't have any lines. What he needed to do was slash down with his blade.

Although he was called a divine official, he was actually an executioner.

Hence, Xu Qing's attention was more on the broken altar here.

The ancient aura here was very dense and traces of weathering could be seen everywhere.

This reminded Xu Qing of the temple of the Extreme Heaven Saber, where the changes were also vast and profound.

"I wonder if this place can allow one to comprehend it?"

Xu Qing's thoughts drifted away.

In order for everyone to better understand their roles, as the leader of this performance, the captain felt that it was necessary for him to give a good explanation so that everyone could better get into character.

Hence, he coughed and walked forward. He leaped onto a piece of boulder and looked down.

"Everyone."

"We're going to act out two scenes this time. You guys have also seen the script in your hands. You should understand your tasks."

"The first act is titled 'Chaos of the Ancient Demoness!'"

The captain's emotions were stirred and his voice echoed.

 Xu Qing didn't care. He looked at the shattered boulders on the altar and silently sensed them, experiencing the ancientness of time. At this moment, the captain's voice seemed to drift over through time.

"This story primarily focuses on the Crimson Goddess before she became a god—arrogant, tyrannical, causing chaos throughout Wanggu. In the end, the ruler, displeased with her actions, intervenes and suppresses her!"

"Of course, there needs to be some narration here!"

"As the scene unfolds, the ruler appears between heaven and earth. The background is embellished with the sun, moon, stars, wind, rain, thunder, and lightning—various divine techniques forming an array of dazzling colors. It should look incredibly splendid. I'll take care of this part."

As he spoke, the captain was beaming with joy. Clearly, he had gotten into character first.

In Xu Qing's mind, a vague image began to form with these words.

"Then, in such an environment, emphasize the dominance and grandeur of the ruler. Under the sky, he accuses Crimson Goddess of nine crimes!"

"Crimson Goddess, arrogant and detestable, even attempts to devour the ruler. In response, the ruler sends out a palm strike, severely injuring Crimson Goddess and capturing her alive."

"Here, we need to showcase the invincible aura of the ruler. Ning Yan, make sure to grasp the feeling of the ruler. He's an extraordinary figure who is a king. For this, try to recall some of the prominent figures you've encountered."

"I believe in you. You can definitely do it."

The captain looked at Ning Yan encouragingly. Ning Yan recalled his father and nodded.

"As for Big Sister Nether Fairy…"

The captain looked at Nether Fairy.

Nether Fairy coldly looked over.

The captain smiled and his voice became gentle.

"Sister Nether Fairy, I don't need to say much about you. However, acting as the role of the Crimson Goddess might be a little difficult for you. After all, Crimson Goddess is sinister. This is her nature but it's not yours."

"Sister Nether Fairy, you have a kind nature, so I feel that as long as you act against your nature, you will definitely bring out unique colors in this role."

Nether Fairy sneered.

The captain blinked and continued to speak.

"Then, there's the second act, which is also the climax of our movie."

"After the Crimson Goddess was captured alive by the ruler, she was brought here. No matter how she struggled, it was useless and she was ruthlessly suppressed."

"At this point, we need some spells to enhance the atmosphere—changes in the colors of the heavens and earth, tumultuous winds, and roaring echoes from all directions, creating an overwhelming spectacle."

"In this ambiance, the scene depicts Crimson Goddess forcibly kneeling before the ruler. The ruler bows to the heavens, respectfully seeking an audience with Ancient Sovereign Mystic Nether. The projection of the Ancient Sovereign Mystic Nether arrives, and the eunuch reads out the holy edict."

"Again, various atmospheres to enhance the setting!"

The captain described with all his efforts. Clearly, he had already planned out the script quite thoroughly. At this moment, when he spoke eloquently, Xu Qing's body trembled.

As the scene in his mind was outlined, he could vaguely sense the wind here, blowing over some ancient murmurs.

Xu Qing couldn't hear what it was exactly. Only the captain's voice continued to echo.

"After that, the ruler responded and raised his hand. Xu Qing, as the divine official of the God Slaying Platform, you have to raise your blade and slash down!"

"However, you have to be careful. The blood you act as should be natural when released."

"Although this is a little different from the original plot, there's nothing we can do. We can't simulate the ruler's divine power. That kind of power that uses the sky as a blade, the ground as a platform, and the sun and moon as a connection is too imposing, so we have to make do with this."

The captain felt regret. He also wanted to display the ruler's divine art, which would be even more awe-inspiring. However, unfortunately… this was the ruler's divine power. If the level hadn't been reached, it would be challenging to display it perfectly.

"If only the heir and the others were willing to help…"

The captain swept his gaze around but didn't see the figures of those old men and women. Hence, he could only suppress his thoughts and look at Nether Fairy.

"Sister Nether Fairy, remember to show intense hatred when you're beheaded later. This…"

"I only need to see your face, and my hatred will be at its peak!" Nether Fairy glared at the captain, coldly interrupting him.

The captain blinked and did not answer. Instead, he took a few steps back and looked at Wu Jianwu.

"Little Jianjian, just be yourself."

"Little Qing, you… what are you doing?"

The captain looked at Xu Qing in surprise and noticed that he seemed to be comprehending. Hence, he was shocked and softly reminded him.

"Little Qing, you can not comprehend anything here…"

Xu Qing nodded.

The captain was curious and asked.

"Did you comprehend anything?"

"I heard a little murmur." Xu Qing lifted his head and looked into the distance.

The captain was stunned. His heart churned as he thought to himself, 'What kind of comprehension ability is this?' He then coughed.

"Then… continue."

After saying that, the captain did not disturb Xu Qing anymore. He took a deep breath and lifted his hands, his eyes revealing anticipation as he spoke loudly.

"Everyone, take your positions. Rehearsal for the play 'Slaying the God' begins for the first time!"

Wu Jianwu instantly got into character and stood there with his hands behind his back. Li Youfei quickly ran over and acted with him.

Ning Yan, who was beside them, flew into the sky and lowered his head to look down at Nether Fairy. He recalled his father's words and actions in his mind. His expression gradually became dignified and a majestic aura began to emit from him.

"Demoness!"

Nether Fairy lifted her head and coldly looked at Ning Yan.

Ning Yan's aura that had just risen collapsed under this gaze.

"Stop!"

The captain was anxious.

"Little Ningning, your emotions aren't right. Again!"

…

The rehearsal continued and everyone worked very hard. However, many issues happened on Ning Yan's part. In the end, the captain had no choice but to get Xu Qing to step in.

Xu Qing walked out expressionlessly as he comprehended. He stood in the sky and lowered his head to look down at Nether Fairy.

Under his gaze, Nether Fairy actually frowned. A hint of seriousness appeared in her eyes and she felt an inexplicable pressure in her heart.

Ning Yan followed from the side and studied the changes in Xu Qing's expression. His acting was finally a little better than before.

As the captain looked at all this, he could not help but feel emotional. In fact, this was not the fulfill script. In his version, there was originally some love and hate, with several emotional storylines.

However, when he thought of how the heir and the other elders were here and saw him making things up about their father, the captain was worried that he might not have a chance to continue filming.

Hence, he could only give up. At that moment, seeing that Ning Yan was still lacking a little, the captain walked out and was about to speak.

However, at this moment, a cold snort rang out from the sky and landed in everyone's minds, causing their souls to tremble.

"What kind of mess are you guys making!"

As the voice echoed, the figures of the heir and the others appeared in the sky. Grandma Five was expressionless, while Princess Mingmei frowned. Old Eighth, who was at the side, crossed his arms and sneered at Chen Erniu.

Xu Qing lowered his head and bowed to the sky.

"Grandpa…" The captain hurriedly revealed a fawning expression. Just as he was about to explain, the heir's voice rang out with dignity.

"Your acting is completely wrong!"

"Xu Qing, you do not have to act as blood or as a divine official. Go over and sit on the shattered boulder on the altar and comprehend the remaining killing intent on this God Slaying Platform."

"This will be of great help to your cultivation. If you can comprehend a trace of the killing intent of the God Slaying Platform here, you'll have obtained a great fortune."

"Of course, everything will depend on your comprehension ability. How much you can comprehend will depend on yourself."

When Xu Qing heard this, a strange glint appeared in his eyes. He lowered his head and nodded before heading straight for the altar in front of him. He had long wanted to go over and comprehend it. At that moment, he rapidly approached and sat cross-legged among the rubble. He then closed his eyes and began to sense the aura here.

"As for you, you can act as the divine official. Aren't you usually guarding the apothecary? Just continue the role."

The heir pointed at the captain.

The captain retracted his head. He was unwilling but he did not dare to show it on his face. He hurriedly ran over and took Xu Qing's place.

"You guys continue, I'll adjust it for you!"

As the heir spoke, he landed and sat at the side with Princess Mingmei and the others.

Under their gazes, everyone trembled in terror and began to rehearse. This time, the person who called for a halt was no longer the captain but the heir.

Under his command, the original script and lines were adjusted. Gradually, everyone got into character and slowly reconstructed the scenes in the heir's memories.

As for those embellishments, they're still more realistic than what the captain had done.

As they watched, the eyes of the heir, Princess Mingmei, and the other three revealed reminiscence.

Only Xu Qing stopped acting. He sat cross-legged on the shattered altar and silently sensed the aura here.

As time passed, Xu Qing could vaguely sense the wind coming from nothingness. It blew on his body and landed in his heart, drawing waves of ripples…































































Outside the shattered altar, Wu Jianwu was focused on studying the script. Coupled with his understanding of the Ancient Sovereign Mystic Nether, he delved deeper into his role.

This wasn't difficult for him, and this wasn't his first time acting as the ancient sovereign.

Back then, in the forbidden region of the Eight Sects Alliance's Mystic Nether Sect, he had used a similar method to trigger the fluctuations of the demon snake's skeleton.

Ning Yan and Nether Fairy also began to rehearse under the command of the heir.

It had to be said that the heir was indeed more suitable to lead this show than Chen Erniu. This was because under his gaze, everyone worked extremely hard and their understanding of their respective roles became more and more accurate.

"Pretty good. This kid, Wu Jianwu, is quite something. If we disregard his cultivation and only look at his expression and words, he really gives off the feeling of the ancient sovereign."

"This Ning Yan also is not bad. He is able to display half of Father's dignity."

"However, in comparison, the hatred in Nether Fairy's emotions is the truest. It can be considered a highlight."

"Chen Erniu only needs to stand there motionless, so he seems a bit lackluster."

The heir sat there with his third sister, fifth sister, and eighth brother. They looked at the group of juniors rehearsing and nodded slightly at each other. Occasionally, their gazes would land on Xu Qing in the distance. Seeing Xu Qing's occasional frown, the heir was satisfied.

"This kid has finally been stumped."

"The God Slaying Platform formed by Father's divine power is a trump card that gathered all his cultivation and experience. Not to mention this kid, even I… didn't manage to learn it back then, let alone now that countless years have passed. This place is already in ruins. No matter how he tries to comprehend, it's impossible for him to completely succeed."

The heir shook his head.

"Only Ninth Brother inherited his mantle…"

Thinking of his ninth brother, the heir sighed softly. Old Eighth, who was at the side, suddenly spoke.



"Big brother, this kind of spectator mentality isn't good. You know he can't succeed, so why let him comprehend?"

"You're too bad. Do you want this kid to succeed in comprehending or fail?"

The heir's expression darkened as he looked at Old Eighth.

Old Eighth shrunk his head. He knew that he had said something wrong again, so he revealed a fawning expression.

"Crown Prince is worried that Xu Qing will be complacent in his comprehension ability, so he wants him to realize his shortcomings here, allowing for better growth in the future."

"At the same time, with this experience, when Ninth Brother revives in the future, he can pass on the methods of the God Slaying Platform, and Xu Qing will learn better."

Princess Mingmei calmly spoke.

Fifth Sister nodded slightly. She also admired Xu Qing very much.

Old Eighth hesitated. There was something he wanted to say but he didn't dare to. However, in the end, he couldn't hold it in and spoke in a low voice.

"Then what if he really succeeds in comprehending the killing intent? After all, Father said in the past that existence leaves traces."

The heir fell silent.

Princess Mingmei was also silent.

Fifth Sister looked at Xu Qing's figure and spoke softly.

"That means that his comprehension ability is even more astonishing than Brother Nine's. Back then, Brother Nine was thought to have the same comprehension ability as Father…"

…

Existence meant traces.

This was the case for everything that had existed in this world.

Humans were like this, things were like this, and divine arts were like this.

The wind remembered everything, the earth retained memories, and so did the vast sky and all things in it. Even in the ever-changing world, the Heavenly Dao would retain the marks.

Even if the Heavenly Dao had forgotten, who could tell for sure there wasn't a higher will above the Heavenly Dao, documenting the countless scenes over the years?

 However, some traces were too faint, making it very difficult for others to notice. They would instinctively think that everything had disappeared without a trace and no longer recognize it.

However, in reality, that might not be the case.

"What limits the strength of divine arts is imagination…" This sentence from Princess Mingmei had a great impact on Xu Qing. It also opened a window for him.

The scene outside the window wasn't fixed but determined by imagination.

Just like at this moment, Xu Qing, who was sitting cross-legged on the shattered altar, could sense the wind.

In this world, as the world was sealed, the wind blowing in it was ancient.

Xu Qing fell silent.

It wasn't just his movements that fell silent. It was also his heart, his body, his soul, and everything else.

All of them fell into a standstill as the wind blew over.

All the sounds in the external world were gone now. Absolute silence enveloped everything.

His mind was blank. There was no thought, only blankness.

There was no intention and no thoughts.

Only the wind, blowing in the realm of perception, didn't stir a strand of hair, didn't move a piece of clothing, yet it created layers of ripples in the sea of consciousness, drawing out concentric circles.

Amidst the ripples, some ink-like figures appeared.

Indistinct in appearance, without a fixed form, these ink shadows were blurry, constantly blending and separating, as if striving to piece together, attempting to truly form the picture.

Wanting to showcase the memories it held, display them to the outside world, reveal them to humans, and reveal them to Xu Qing.

However, it was a pity that perhaps it was because the traces hidden in the years were extremely faint, the ripples caused by the wind couldn't truly manifest the scene.

Xu Qing's comprehension ability also had a limit. It didn't really reach an unprecedented level.

Hence, he was unable to gain any true comprehension from this ink.

That ink gradually lost its strength, slowly calming down, gradually returning to water as water and ink as ink.

They no longer fused and hid themselves.

However, the instant this area of ink was about to dissipate, the unwillingness that Xu Qing instinctively felt rose in his sea of consciousness. His subconscious told him that this was a huge opportunity.

And this opportunity… would only come once.

If this area of ink really dissipated, he would forever lose this opportunity.

Hence, a rainbow light suddenly erupted from Xu Qing's sea of consciousness. It shone in all directions and fused into the ink that was about to dissipate. It imitated, scooped, and sensed.

If it was in the past, Xu Qing wouldn't be able to do this.

But now, the insight of simulation he gained from the morning glow made everything that seemed impossible become possible.

At the next instant, the ink churned and rainbow colors spread out, outlining scenes between them, forming figures.

Although it was still blurry, it was much better than before.

The scenes that appeared were even fuller and the figures that appeared became clearer.

They collided with each other, blending and melding, seemingly trying to reveal a complete scene.

One could vaguely see two figures in that scene. One was in the sky and the other was on the ground.

The figure in the sky raised his hand and the figure on the ground looked up.

However, at the instant when the scene was about to be clear, a wisp of rapidly flickering will appeared.

It was killing intent.

As soon as this intent appeared, it was like lightning had fallen from the nine heavens. Xu Qing's sea of consciousness trembled unprecedentedly. Wind, rain, lightning, and thunder seemed to have all formed. The sun, moon, and stars also seemed to erupt from this killing intent.

It was as though even if the ruler was in front, he would still be shaken by this killing intent, and even the gods would be frightened by this killing intent.

This intent only lasted for an instant before the scene collapsed and it disappeared.

Xu Qing's body trembled and his thoughts fluctuated from the blankness earlier.

He had a strong premonition that this was the killing intent the heir was talking about.

"If I can find it and simulate it, then… the scene that appeared earlier might be able to truly form."

Xu Qing felt that comprehending this killing intent wasn't the main point. It was just the process. The main point was that scene.

At the thought of this, the rainbow light in his sea of consciousness erupted with resplendence. He instinctively searched and simulated it.

In an instant, the ink churned endlessly.

At the same time, the rehearsal in the outside world was also completed. As everyone became familiar with their roles and gained confidence in each other, this show was about to officially begin.

Ning Yan and Nether Fairy had already changed their clothes.

Before the show began, the captain walked out. He first bowed to the heir and the others before coughing.

"Everyone, perform well. I hold multiple roles, so I won't personally record this. I will use a little orb that I specifically crafted to capture everything, then transfer it to the little dumpling outside. After processing, it can be played in the air."

As the captain spoke, he took out a ball of light and was about to lift it into the air to start automatic recording.

However, at this moment, the heir waved his hand and knocked back the small round ball the captain took out.

"There's no need for that!"

"That method of yours is a little inconvenient. It still requires all living beings to lift their heads and look at it. There are even some areas which might not be able to see it clearly."

"Go back and act well as the divine official. You don't have to worry about recording."

The heir calmly spoke. He lifted his right hand and waved it. Immediately, a crystal light flew out of his sleeve and headed straight for the sky. Finally, after a pause in the sky, this crystal light actually transformed into a huge mirror fragment.

This fragment was a total of 10,000 feet in size and its appearance was irregular. However, the moment it appeared, a vast feeling rose. It even gave the captain the feeling that this mirror actually emitted the aura of the Moon Rebel Hall.

The captain's eyes revealed a strange glint, and everyone's hearts trembled.

As for the ten-thousand-foot-long mirror, it slowly rotated in mid-air until its surface faced the ground, reflecting everything on the ground. After that, the scene in the mirror expanded and locked onto everyone.

It existed extremely clear.

"This item is my father's supreme treasure. It's called the Heavenly Eye."

"This eye can look at the nine heavens above and the ten abysses below. Back then, before Father existed defeated by the Crimson Goddess, he shattered it and transformed it into countless pieces that scattered in all the mirrors in the world. He moreover fused his will into it and gave the artifact spirit the last decree, making it obey the will of all living beings.

"After that, the artifact spirit absorbed the faith of all living beings, so there existed the Moon Rebel Hall."

"As for this piece, it's individual of the largest pieces after the Heavenly Eye shattered."

"Using this mirror to record the scene will automatically reflect the scene in the minds of all living beings in the Moon Worship Region through the artifact spirit of the Moon Rebel Hall."

"We don't have to process the scene and can broadcast it live!"

"Now…"

The heir stared at everyone.

The captain perked up. Ning Yan and the others' hearts were in turmoil. All of those quickly perked up. After knowing that the performance would be sensed by all living beings in the outside world in real time, they couldn't help but feel nervous.

"Everyone, take your places. The performance begins!"

The ten-thousand-foot-long mirror instantly flickered. At the same time, in the Moon Rebel Hall, which existed hidden in an unknown place in the outside world, the mountain inside rumbled and all the temples erupted with resplendent and piercing light.

Amidst the horror of countless Moon Rebel Hall cultivators, a scene instantly appeared in their minds.

They weren't the solely ones. In the entire Moon Worship Region, be it mortals, ferocious beasts, or all cultivators… moreover the people from the Red Moon Shrine saw a scene in their minds.

The grand show existed officially unfolding.































































"You are going to see a precious scene that happened in ancient times."

A hoarse voice echoed as the scene appeared in the minds of all living beings.

"It completely records the scene of the ruler of this large region under our feet killing the Crimson Goddess!"

"And this scene, disliked by the god, has been forbidden for endless ages until today, after the ever-changing world, when we finally found it and are fully revealing it before you."

The tone of these words was ancient and filled with emotions, as though it came from the river of time.

"I hope that everyone in this region, regardless of whether they are mortals or cultivators or various races, will remember this incomparably precious scene."

"Because after this time, this recording will be sealed by the god again."

At this moment, the wind blew across the Moon Worship!

All the living beings in the Moon Worship Region, no matter where they were or what environment they were in, the scene and the voice appeared in their minds.

The scene was incredibly clear, the voice without any impurities.

It appeared with this extremely abrupt and domineering method.

At the start, most people were stunned. However, they soon noticed that the others were also in a daze. After knowing that everyone around them was seeing the same thing, panic suddenly rose, followed by waves of emotions.

This commotion spread to the various races and cities. It was like an unprecedented storm that covered the entire region.



Some cities had turned into ruins after the madness and despair earlier. The remaining people inside had long fallen into numbness and this storm caused their numb hearts to sway.

They walked out from the ruins in tattered clothes, emerged from underground holes, struggled to climb out from corpses, gazing blankly at the sky.

Although the sky was red and there was nothing there, they felt like this action could allow them to see the scene in their minds more clearly.

Such figures were everywhere in the Moon Worship Region. Some were alone, and some were in groups.

In the wilderness, there were even more refugees. They moved forward silently, without a destination, unaware of where they were going. Some even chose to lie down and close their eyes.

However, at that moment, as the scene appeared in their minds, their hearts trembled.

There were also cities that belonged to large races. Although the madness had occurred there as well, they were relatively stable. However, the imminent arrival of the Crimson Goddess was like a blade hanging in their minds.

Under this blade tip, they could only accept their fate.

They couldn't resist and didn't dare to struggle. The appearance of the scene and voice caused their dead hearts to tremble.

What was even more shocking were the cultivators of the Moon Worship Region, especially the cultivators of the Moon Rebel Hall. They were everywhere. Some were the leaders of races, and some were sect experts.

A month ago, when the Red Moon appeared, although they were also panicking, they still had the intention to resist. They formed one resistance team after another.

It was just that… not everyone was like the cultivators from the Moon Rebel Hall. Many cultivators didn't have the courage to resist the god.

After all, if they didn't resist, they could survive until the Crimson Goddess descended. However, if they resisted… they might die in the next instant in the battle with the Red Moon Shrine.

Hence, the appearance of this scene had a great impact on them.

The same impact spread in the hearts of the Red Moon Shrine cultivators.

Hence, under the attention of all living beings, this grand show officially began.

In the scene, the sky resembled fish scales, echoing with layers of ripples. Countless blood clouds rapidly formed and converged, covering the entire sky as if someone had placed a blood purgatory in the sky.

Thunder rumbled and echoed. Streaks of black lightning appeared from the collision of the clouds and connected into one, like the gate of the blood purgatory.

Repression was the main theme in this scene.

As for the ground, it was also blood-colored. One could see that countless skeletons had piled up 9,999 mountain peaks.

Every mountain peak was ten thousand feet tall.

They made huge circles, forming an enormous array formation.

 Endless blood flowed from the foot of the mountains of corpses and gathered in the center, forming a large blood-colored lake.

In the lake, there was a woman with half of her body in the blood lake. She faced away from all living beings, cleaning her body.

She had long hair, snow-white skin, and a tempting figure. While washing herself with blood, her enchanting song echoed.

"Some transform freely and soar, chasing the wind and breaking the waves along the way.

Running to the Red Moon ocean, traversing the vast borderlands.

Imagining the reincarnation of all beings, with everything's flesh and blood as sustenance.

The sunlight scorching my eyes, unable to bury the ideals.

I look up to the vastness, above the Red Moon… I soar!"

The singing voice drifted in all directions. The voice carried determination, with a hint of persistence, seemingly full of dreams.

However, behind this dream, there were countless corpses, countless skeletons, and the background music of this singing voice.

It was weeping.

Endless wails formed the mournful melody of these dreams.

It can be imagined that along her journey of dreams, there must be more than just this one mountain of corpses.

At this moment, with the singing, the blood-red lake churned, and vaguely, nearly ten thousand tentacles could be seen within it, connecting to all the surrounding mountains of corpses.

With their wriggling, those mountains of corpses, after offering their own blood, rapidly withered, becoming nutrients, merging into the body of the woman in the blood lake.

Accompanied by countless souls, amid increasingly mournful wails and the collapse of the flesh and blood mountains, they surged into the mouth of the woman.

This scene caused the hearts of all living beings in the Moon Worship Region to rumble. Through the curse in their bodies, they immediately sensed that the woman… was none other than Crimson Goddess!

At this moment, a bolt of lightning that split the world apart suddenly sounded from the blood-colored sky. A pair of large hands stretched out from the sky and tore open the blood-colored sky.

A deafening sound shook the heavens and the earth.

The sky was directly torn into two, revealing a huge gap. Endless beams of light shot out from within, shining in all directions, illuminating everything, dispelling the blood color and suppressing the evil.

When the blood clouds collapsed, a middle-aged man in golden robes was revealed.

The middle-aged man's expression was dignified. With a step, the world rumbled. The blood clouds continued to explode and the ground trembled.

The entire world seemed to be churning.

The blood-colored lake on the ground also stirred up huge waves. Red tentacles kept swaying inside. As for the woman, she lifted her head and stared at the person who arrived from the sky, and let out a sharp cry.

With a leap, her body swept up the blood lake and she rushed into the sky.

The blood lake spun and transformed into a vortex. In an instant, the blood intent surged into the sky, as though it wanted to devour everything.

As for the middle-aged man who arrived from the sky, he was expressionless and didn't stop walking. He continued to land and took the second step.

With just a step, the vortex formed by the blood-colored lake shattered into pieces and exploded, revealing the true body of the woman inside.

Her upper body was the same as a human's, but her lower body had countless tentacles. She looked extremely terrifying and ugly.

Next was the third step.

The sky trembled and suddenly collapsed, transforming into countless pieces that fell toward the woman. As for the ground, it also caved in, forming a huge crack. The woman's cry became even more shrill. She spat out a mouthful of blood and retreated.

After that, it was the fourth step.

The world collapsed and the woman's body was heavily injured. After she landed on the ground, the middle-aged man's fifth step followed. He landed on the ground and stepped on the head of the woman who was struggling to resist.

He ruthlessly stomped on the ground.

After doing this, he lowered his head and remained expressionless as he calmly spoke.

"Because of your origin, the ancient sovereign chose to ignore your actions and didn't want to be tainted by too much karma with the place you came from. However, your song was very unpleasant and disturbed my fourth son's dream."

His voice was calm and echoed in all directions, echoing in the hearts of all living beings in the Moon Worship Region. It stirred up unprecedented fluctuations that transformed into a huge wave that erupted into the sky.

This scene was too shocking. Mortals thought of Crimson Goddess as a supreme being, but she was actually stomped to the ground by a foot. No matter how she struggled, it was useless.

The reason for everything was because her song had disturbed the dreams of the other party's fourth son.

This subversive scene made all living beings instinctively unable to believe it. However, all the changes and pressure from the scene were extremely real.

As such, their hearts couldn't help but fluctuate.

However, in the end, compared to recognition, hesitation still occupied the majority. This was especially so for the experts of the various races in the Moon Worship Region. They were extremely hesitant.

Just the part in the first scene wasn't enough to truly shake their minds.

This was actually within the captain's expectations. Hence, this grand show was divided into two acts.

At that moment, as the first scene ended, the scene gradually blurred until it dissipated. That hoarse sound echoed in the minds of all living beings again.

"Next, in the time it takes for an incense stick to burn, the precious historical spectacle of the second act will be displayed in front of you."

At the same time, at the recording venue, the heir closed the 10,000-foot-long heavenly eye mirror and nodded.

"Okay, that's done."

As soon as he finished speaking, Ning Yan, who was playing the role of the ruler, hurriedly lifted his feet. All the dignity on his face instantly disappeared, replaced by nervousness and fawning.

"Sister Nether Fairy…"

Nether Fairy stood up expressionlessly from the earth and coldly looked at Ning Yan.

Ning Yan trembled. He had basically used all his strength in that last kick.

From the start to the end, this spectacle was extremely natural and perfect because of the combination of the spells secretly used by the heir and other elders.

Hence, Ning Yan had the illusion that all the might was really released by him, causing him to be too immersed in the role.

"All of you, get ready. Next is the second act."

The heir's eyes glanced towards Ning Yan, giving additional instructions and pointing out the details of Ning Yan's appearance. He also offered guidance on the nuances of Wu Jianwu's entrance and the technique Chen Erniu would use when dropping the blade.

During this time, Princess Mingmei, Old Eighth, and Fifth Sister also gave advice to make the second spectacle as realistic as possible.

Just like that, after the time it takes for an incense stick to burn passed, the prince opened the Heavenly Eye. Ning Yan and the others also stood properly. As the spectacle appeared in the minds of all living beings in the outside world, they were about to begin the show.

However, at the next instant, the breeze blew!

This breeze arrived suddenly and carried an antiquated aura, blowing everyone's hair and clothes. It stirred their hearts and transformed into an earth-shattering killing intent!

This intent was only the beginning but it already caused this place to rumble and the sky to change color.

The expressions of everyone who was preparing to act changed one after another. Regardless of whether it was Ning Yan, Wu Jianwu, Nether Fairy, Li Youfei, or the captain, they all turned their heads in unison and looked at Xu Qing.































































The source of the wind came from Xu Qing, who was sitting cross-legged in the distance and not moving at all.

At this moment, wind and clouds surged at the altar and lightning rumbled. Everyone looked bewildered.

Even the vortex in the sky rumbled more and more.

At that instant earlier, they sensed an obscure fluctuation rising with the wind, as though it was emitted from Xu Qing's body. After that, this world swayed.

The ground quaked, and the blade-like slanted mountain range in the distance also trembled. A large amount of boulders fell and smashed into the canyon, leaving behind lingering sounds.

"What's going on!"

Ning Yan took a deep breath in horror.

The captain's eyes were also wide open. He looked at Xu Qing, who was sitting cross-legged in the distance with his eyes closed, and his heart churned.

The heir suddenly turned his head and looked at Xu Qing. His expression changed.

"This is…"

Princess Mingmei and the others also instantly looked over, their eyes revealing strange glints.

Old Eighth's entire body trembled as he muttered involuntarily.

"??? He really comprehended it?"

Amidst the varying degrees of shock among the crowd, an aura of unparalleled killing intent was slowly taking shape in this place!

It was only an embryonic form and still required time to completely descend.

But even so, it already stirred immense waves in the hearts of the onlookers, especially the heir. He gazed at Xu Qing, who was sitting cross-legged in the distance. He should have been happy to see this, as Xu Qing had made achievements under his guidance.

However, he still couldn't help feeling a sense of helplessness.



At this moment, he once again thought of Xu Qing's master. Hence, he instinctively looked at Princess Mingmei.

Princess Mingmei also looked at him at this moment. The two of them looked at each other and fell silent.

…

It was unknown if the wind had an age.

If it didn't, how could it record the traces of the existence of all things over the years?

If it did, how could they be differentiated?

There were extremely few people who could answer this question.

Perhaps the age of the wind was determined by the events it had witnessed, hence the ancient times and the present.

At that moment, in the Moon Worship Region, the wind blew at all living beings and stirred their hearts. At the same time, the Red Moon Shrine made their move.

To the Red Moon Shrine, the scene of the first act was an extremely serious blasphemy!

They wanted to find the source and contain all of this immediately.

Hence, a large number of temple cultivators flew in all directions.

However, it was clearly impossible to find the altar hidden in the green sand in a short period of time.

As for the ancient wind, it blew past the altar, stirring everyone's minds and causing even greater waves.

However, the second act had already officially begun and they couldn't stop. Even though Ning Yan and the others' hearts were trembling, they could only brace themselves and act.

Hence, the heaven and earth stirred up by the ancient wind also became the background of the scene. Through the Heavenly Eye mirror, this was reflected in the minds of all living beings in the Moon Worship Region.

This grand show continued.

The event that all living beings saw also unknowingly showed traces of vicissitudes. It had the will to kill which increased the degree of its authenticity.

 The first thing that appeared on the screen was an altar.

This altar was extremely huge and majestic. At the same time, it was filled with countless runic marks. Any one of them could cause the sun, moon, and stars to shatter with just a slight activation.

At the center of the altar, Crimson Goddess, who was sealed using countless stars, was forcefully pressed down by a burly man in golden armor and knelt there.

She wanted to struggle but it was useless.

The burly man in the golden armor wore a mask and his expression couldn't be seen. However, he stood there with an upright body that was filled with killing intent. He pressed down on the Crimson Goddess' head with one hand and dragged a long blade with the other.

This blade emitted extreme coldness and a terrifying fluctuation. A 10,000 feet long phantom of the blade appeared in the air.

This was the divine official in charge of execution.

Outside the altar, the ruler played by Ning Yan was looking at the sky. Countless figures could be vaguely seen in his surroundings, all showing deep respect.

They were waiting for the ancient sovereign's decree to arrive.

The scene was solemn and the killing intent was incomparably dense. Everything was clearly reflected in the minds of all living beings, causing the hearts of everyone in the Moon Worship Region to tremble.

This was because the killing intent in this scene was too astonishing. All living beings in the region sensed it through the scene itself.

Even though most of them were hesitating, at this moment, the reality of this killing intent caused the experts of the various races who were hesitating to waver even more.

The higher one's cultivation was, the more this was the case. As one's senses became sharper, their perception toward this killing intent varied.

"This transmission of killing intent…"

"Just sensing it a little makes my heart skip a beat!"

"Is… this scene indeed real?"

The hearts of all living beings in the outside world trembled, especially the cultivators of the Red Moon Shrine. They were even more shocked at this moment and searched for all the traces.

However, these people didn't know that the actors in the show were also shocked.

Ning Yan tried his best to control his nervousness and didn't look at where Xu Qing was. However, he could strongly sense the increasingly astonishing killing intent in his surroundings. This caused him to tremble with fear. At the same time, the feeling of life-and-death crisis also erupted.

The captain was equally surprised. Even the trembles of Crimson Goddess played by Nether Fairy weren't entirely feigned.

The wind here was even stronger.

The killing intent grew denser and denser, and it even affected the laws here. Snowflakes appeared and floated between the heaven and earth.

The expressions of the heir and Princess Mingmei also turned solemn. They no longer cared about this performance. At that moment, their gazes landed on Xu Qing.

Xu Qing was still comprehending.

With the help of his morning glow, he had been searching and simulating the fleeting ripple in the scene of the ink.

It was only at that moment earlier that he finally found traces in the hazy depths of the ink in his sea of consciousness.

The morning glow fused into it.

As he simulated and comprehended, a shocking boom slowly rose in his mind until he heard the murmurs that he hadn't heard clearly before.

That ripple was the source of the murmurs and also the source of the wind.

Now, it became clear!

"Kill!"

"Kill!"

"Kill!!!"

Countless voices gathered together and roared out this word. At this moment, it suddenly exploded in Xu Qing's mind.

His mind was in turmoil and the ink in his sea of consciousness stirred violently.

The ancient wind stirred even more. With Xu Qing's body as the mouth, it was released. It howled around the broken altar and followed the Heavenly Eye mirror, erupting violently in the minds of all living beings.

All living beings were shaken. Most of the experts from the various races in the external world felt their hearts skip a beat. There were also some who directly stood up in horror from their seated position, and their hair stood on end.

They could sense that the killing intent in the scene in their minds seemed to have transformed into an ancient fiend that erupted in front of them.

This was especially so for the cultivators of the Moon Rebel Hall. The expressions of the few mysterious deputy hall masters changed one after another in their respective hiding places.

Their expressions were solemn. Previously, they had sensed that this scene was formed with the help of the Moon Rebel Hall, which had already surprised them a lot.

Although most of them hesitated when the first act appeared, they already attached great importance to it.

Now, the killing intent in the second act shook their hearts intensely.

"Is this true?!"

In fact, in the Red Moon Shrine, a terrifying aura erupted at this moment.

After the divine son entered seclusion, the high priest, who was in charge of everything, took a step out. His expression was solemn. Even he felt his heart skip a beat.

He originally thought that all of this was a trick of the heir and the others, but now… he wasn't sure.

At the same time, Ning Yan and the others also felt their hearts churning intensely. According to the script, it was time for Wu Jianwu to appear, but he stopped in his tracks and his body stiffened for a moment.

However, thinking of countless spectators watching him, Wu Jianwu forcibly calmed himself. Wearing imperial robes and a crown, his figure slowly appeared in the sky of the scene, overlooking the earth. He exchanged a gaze with the ruler played by Ning Yan.

At this moment, there was no need for him to display any imposing aura. The earth trembled, the mountains trembled, the sky rumbled, and all the changes caused by the churning killing intent naturally turned into the best embellishments.

Before this, the heir and the others were the ones who added all the effects. However, now, they no longer paid attention to the act. They were all looking at Xu Qing.

'Why isn't he awake yet?' The heir was puzzled. However, due to his understanding of Xu Qing, he didn't say this. He believed that Old Eighth would say it.

"Why isn't this kid awake yet? He has succeeded in comprehending." Old Eighth indeed mumbled as the heir had expected.

"He's still comprehending. Killing intent isn't his limit."

After hearing Old Eighth's words, the heir calmly spoke.

Princess Mingmei nodded slightly.

Old Eighth sneered and looked at them.

"How come you all have the expressions as if you knew this would happen, but your words before weren't like this at all? It's too fake, do you think I'm stupid?"

Princess Mingmei had an expressionless face. With a wave of her hand, Old Eight's body was instantly thrown into the distance by a tremendous force.

"Eighth Brother's brain might not have been damaged from the beatings; it was probably already damaged at birth."

The heir agreed and so did Fifth Sister. At that moment, her gaze swept past Xu Qing and she spoke in a low voice.

"I'm gazing forward to seeing, after comprehending the killing intent of the God Slaying Platform, what level he can reach in his subsequent insights…"

At the same time, in Xu Qing's sea of consciousness, under this intense turbulence, the killing intent in the ink also spread throughout Xu Qing's body.

Xu Qing trembled and waves of intense pain spread throughout his body.

However, at this moment, he no longer had the contemplated of opening his eyes. The thought of probing the source of the intense pain also didn't appear in his mind. He continued to sit there cross-legged and immersed in the comprehension.

He was waiting for the inky scene in his sea of consciousness to take shape!

This was his goal.

That wisp of killing intent fluctuation was captured by him and released. Then, the scene… wouldn't be shattered again.

At that moment, the ink and the rainbow colors fused and a scene slowly outlined itself…

The sky on the scene split into two. The white part turned blue and the black part turned red.

In the blue sky, a supreme giant stood tall, wearing royal robes, shrouded in auspicious clouds that covered his features but couldn't conceal the overwhelming dominance radiating from him, capable of suppressing the ages.

As his gaze swept across, time reversed, and with each breath, all things returned to nothingness.

On the red sky, there was additionally a vast figure faintly discernible, a woman in a long red skirt. She had an ordinary appearance, but her eyes happened to be deep, containing the starry sky. Within them, single could witness the birth of galaxies and the extinction of star fields.

Under her dress, there happened to be no legs; instead, countless tentacles extended, spreading across the red sky. Within each tentacle, a star was vividly coiled.

The fluctuations of divinity surged into the sky.

"Li Zihua, I did not expect that it would be you… who came to stop me from becoming a god."

"Boss is sick." The tall figure spoke hoarsely.

The woman fell silent. After a long time, she muttered softly.

"Do you remember my song?"

As she mumbled, a song echoed through the world.

"Some transform freely and soar, chasing the wind and breaking the waves along the way.

Running to the Red Moon ocean, traversing the vast borderlands.

Imagining the reincarnation of all beings, with everything's flesh and blood as sustenance.

The sunlight scorched my eyes, unable to bury the ideals.

I look up to the vastness, above the Red Moon… I soar!"































































There were often many records in history.

For various reasons, due to certain motives or cause and effect, some individuals tended to conceal scenes they disliked. After modifying and adjusting them, they circulated these altered versions.

And as time passed, what the truth really was gradually became unknown to people.

For example, the scene Xu Qing was watching couldn't be seen by others.

It was concealed within the passage of time, as the wind carried its remnants. Memories lingered in this place, then were delivered into the sea of consciousness of Xu Qing, transforming into ink.

It was originally difficult for it to surface. Regardless of whether it was the wave of killing intent or the fragmentation of this memory with the passage of time, it was impossible for it to be pieced together.

It was the morning glow that added color to it and made up for the incompleteness. Only then did it gradually outline and reveal this hidden history in Xu Qing's perception.

He looked at the ruler's body and the figure of the Crimson Goddess, listening to the former's words and the latter's song.

The singing continued.

Within it, a poignant and soul-stirring sentiment emanated, carrying a sense of dedication—a pursuit willing to sacrifice everything for an ideal.

It was as though everything was meaningless in front of this ideal.

Even if all living beings died completely, even if the world cried and wailed, it would only be nutrients for her to become a god.

This wasn't important.

Regardless of whether it was the figure in the blue sky or anyone else, it couldn't erase her desire to become a god.

She wanted to become a god and stand atop the Red Moon.

For this, she would do whatever it took!



The visuals undulated in response to the echoing melody, waves rising and falling within, ultimately submerging all figures and fading out all sounds into a blurred obscurity.

Xu Qing's breath quickened, and his seated form exhibited rhythmic chest movements. Immersed within his mental sea of consciousness, he found himself unable to discern the subsequent events unfolding in the blurred visuals or hear the sounds echoing through time.

The scene in his sea of consciousness turned from blue to white, and from red to black. They intertwined and became ink again.

After all, the replenishment from the morning glow wasn't perfect.

Hence, everything that happened after that became hazy. It was like an abstract image that couldn't be seen directly and could only be sensed.

Xu Qing didn't choose to wake up. He continued to sink his mind into his sea of consciousness to sense this hazy painting.

In the painting, white and black collided. Water and ink spun and Xu Qing seemed to see the sky.

"Amidst the whiteness, there is a blue sky…"

Xu Qing mumbled. He also saw the ground.

"The black soil is covered in red blood…"

"The sky and earth seem to be connected. Is that… an altar?"

Xu Qing's expression became blank. He had completely forgotten what was happening outside and neglected everything. At that moment, all his heart and feelings were invested in the ink.

Gradually, the altar he saw became clearer.

However, this was actually an illusion of perception. This was because after the scene of the ruler and the Crimson Goddess dissipated, the ink in Xu Qing's sea of consciousness was spinning and no new scenes were formed.

However, Xu Qing felt that everything was rapidly becoming clear.

However, this speed was relative.

This was because it was already on the path of clarity.

No matter how hard Xu Qing tried, it was still the same.

And he had to keep his senses heightened at all times; otherwise, the altar would vanish. It required constant vigilance, akin to salvaging something from the depths.

 But it remained elusive, never quite within reach.

The consumption of his mental energy became boundless.

Slowly, Xu Qing felt his consciousness withering. He couldn't hold on much longer.

As for the altar, it was still becoming clearer.

"Am I going to fail?"

Xu Qing's heart echoed with murmurs.

"I can't salvage this altar from the ink…"

"I'm missing a container."

"Container…"

At that moment, outside.

As Xu Qing reached the end of his comprehension, the rumbling of the world also gradually weakened. The feeling of the earth shaking and the mountains shaking also decreased and the vortex in the sky was no longer affected like before.

Everything seemed to be coming to an end.

This caused Ning Yan and the others to heave a sigh of relief. The pressure that was getting stronger and stronger earlier made them feel extremely nervous. It was hard for them to perform perfectly.

However, deep regret rose in the captain's heart. Although he felt that the possibility of Xu Qing succeeding in his comprehension was extremely slim, the scene earlier still gave him some hope.

'It's fine. After all, it's good to experience it. At least he experienced the killing intent.'

The heir and the others also felt regret. Due to karma, they couldn't see Xu Qing's sea of consciousness but they could sense the consumption of Xu Qing's mental energy.

It could also be seen that after experiencing the killing intent, Xu Qing attempted a deeper exploration, but ultimately failed.

"He's comprehending Father's divine ability, the God Slaying Platform."

"What a pity…"

"Actually, it has nothing to do with him. It's because the traces left here are too faint. Otherwise, he wouldn't have failed."

The heir and the others spoke softly and sighed.

Even though he didn't succeed, Xu Qing's comprehension ability left an extremely deep impression on them.

Right now, the second act that appeared in the minds of all living beings in the Moon Worship Region had reached the climax. After Wu Jianwu's figure was revealed, a person walked over from the void.

This person was dressed in luxurious robes, with piercing eyes and a fair complexion, exuding a subtle yet terrifying aura.

He was the eunuch who served the Ancient Sovereign, and he came here to proclaim the decree of the Ancient Sovereign.

With every step, the heavens and earth displayed a myriad of colors. The eunuch in the splendid robe raised his right hand, conjuring a cloud that unfolded like a scroll.

"The Dao of Wanggu and the Ancient Sovereign have decreed, 'The arrival of radiance brings harm to the people, causing chaos and calamity among the common folk.'"

"Today, I will allow the Moon King Zihua to execute the punishment on my behalf, slaying the being of the sinful land… I will personally bear all the karma!"

His voice echoed like heavenly lightning. Coupled with the effects added by the heir and the others, when it was reflected in the minds of all living beings in the outside world, it was extremely imposing.

As the reading ended, Ning Yan, who was playing the role of the ruler, looked at the Crimson Goddess on the altar with a deep gaze.

After that, his gaze landed on the golden-armored burly dude behind the Crimson Goddess and he calmly spoke.

"Divine official."

"I'm ready!"

The golden-armored burly dude played by the captain spoke loudly. He pressed down on the Crimson Goddess's head with one hand and held a long blade in the other, waiting for the order.

"Execute!"

"I obey the decree!"

A cold glint flashed in the captain's eyes and he was about to swing the blade in his hand. At this moment, intense hatred appeared in the Crimson Goddess' eyes and she struggled. However, under the suppression formed by the countless runic marks on the altar, she couldn't break free.

In this moment, the setting was filled with stirring winds and turbulent clouds, as the heir and others secretly acted, exerting their full effort to enhance this spectacle.

After all, the scene of killing the Crimson Goddess was extremely meaningful to all living beings of this region.

Heavenly lightning rumbled in the scene. Countless bolts of lightning transformed into ferocious lightning dragons that roared in the sky before spreading out in all directions.

Princess Mingmei also took action, forming a river of time, causing the ancient aura emitted by the scene to enter the perception of all living beings.

Old Eighth wasn't to be outdone. His voice fused into the heavenly lightning and transformed into emotional fluctuations, causing the emotions of all the characters to be strongly enhanced at this moment.

Finally, the heir made a move. The sun and moon rose amidst the lightning and countless stars shone as time passed. There was also a faint will of the Heavenly Dao descending from the sky, as though it was witnessing this moment.

The whole setting was imposing and intimidating.

When everyone viewed this scene, their hearts seemed to be in their throats.

The captain waved his long blade amidst the embellishment!

The blade light flickered and the blade reflected lightning, containing the sun, moon, and stars. It carried an ancient aura that stirred the emotions of all living beings and was about to descend.

Nether Fairy's eyes unveiled monstrous hatred and was about to say her last line.

However, at this moment…

A drastic change occurred!

The sky changed color and the earth trembled!

A huge rumbling sound rang out from the sky. It was like the roar of a primordial beast, overturning the seas and rivers. The sky directly split open with a rumbling sound, revealing a large number of cracks which further collapsed!

Countless boulders fell and smashed into the ground. At the same time, a cold light could be faintly seen in the sky.

The ground churned and shattered into pieces, forming countless huge pits. It even stirred up a storm that swept through everything.

Not only that, but there was also a shocking killing intent that soared into the sky.

All of this directly surpassed the visual effects put up by the heir and the others!

Previously, all the living beings in the Moon Worship Region were already completely focused under the influence of the heir and the others. Now that this sudden killing intent appeared, they instantly lost their voice in horror and exclaimed endlessly.

The killing intent was even more intense than before. It erupted in their hearts and transformed into furious waves that stirred their souls.

Everyone in the setting was equally shocked.

Nether Fairy's face instantly turned pale. The feeling of death was unprecedentedly intense. She clearly had an undying body, but at this moment, she perceived death closer than ever before!

"I'll really die!"

She struggled with all her might.

The captain's blade also paused for a moment as his mind churned. Ning Yan, Wu Jianwu, and Li Youfei were even more shaken.

The heir and the others gazed at Xu Qing in unison. All of them were moved.

At this moment, a bottle appeared in Xu Qing's sea of consciousness.

He indeed couldn't fish out the altar in the ink painting, but he realized that he needed a container, so… he reflected his Time Bottle in his sea of consciousness.

He was using this bottle to contain the ink.

What he wanted to do wasn't to take them all away.

"Since I can't fish it out, I'll extract all the excess parts that are affecting my comprehension!"

The ink headed straight for the Time Bottle. As it rapidly flowed in, Xu Qing could sense that the altar had truly transform clearer.

All of this didn't take a long time. Under Xu Qing's full concentration, most of the ink disappeared in the blink of an eye.

As for the remaining portion… it transformed into a special altar!

The appearance of the altar was the origin of the changes outside!

At this moment, the atmosphere outside was overwhelming. The sky collapsed and the ground shattered. As the vortex in the sky rumbled, this world began to collapse.

The deafening sound echoed far and wide, reaching every corner. Simultaneously, the first hurdle that Xu Qing and his group crossed when they arrived at this place—the towering mountain range that was now tilted in the sky—now ruptured on a large scale.

After numerous rocks constituting the mountain range fell away, the cold radiance hidden within became increasingly distinct, revealing its complete form.

It was a huge green blade!































































With the emergence of the colossal blade, an overwhelming chill swept through, shaking everything.

The ground also collapsed.

The second challenge they had passed, the straight canyon, now revealed its true form with the falling rocks.

It was a groove for the God Slaying Altar's blade!

Inside, it was crimson as if tainted with boundless blood, exuding a staggering aura of malevolence.

As for the place where Xu Qing sat cross-legged, countless rubbles pieced together to form a circular altar. This altar, immense in size, merged with the beheading platform.

Its upper part held the heavenly blade, while the lower part connected to the beheading platform, creating an awe-inspiring guillotine.

All of this was clearly transmitted to the minds of all living beings through the Heavenly Eye.

A buzzing sound echoed and a vast intent shook the sky. At this moment, everyone's hearts were in turmoil and the expressions of all living beings in the outside world changed.

"God Slaying Platform!"

Old Eighth looked at this and cried out involuntarily.

The God Slaying Platform was the strongest trump card created by Ruler Li Zihua. Legend had it that after this divine art was formed, the first strike he slashed out was at himself!

This technique was heaven-defying and the difficulty of cultivating it was extremely high. Among Li Zihua's descendants, only Old Ninth had learned it. The other children were unable to learn it.

Even the heir and Mingmei couldn't do it, so the shock in their hearts was incomparably huge.

"He really… succeeded."



The heir mumbled and looked at Xu Qing, the sky, and this world.

The sky of this world became a blade, and the ground of this world transformed into a platform.

That green blade contained unparalleled killing intent, and the blood-colored ground was filled with heinous blood.

The most terrifying thing about this world-shaking executioner's blade was the killing intent contained in it.

This intent had killed countless living beings. The killing intent was so strong that it was enough to cause the world to tremble. The aura it formed seemed to be able to devour everything.

"I didn't expect to be able to see the God Slaying Platform once again…"

Princess Mingmei murmured, her eyes revealing reminiscence. The Fifth Sister was the same, and even Old Eighth remained silent. In their eyes, there was nostalgia, carrying both the beauty of the past and the pain of losing loved ones.

Other than that, there were also waves of emotions.

At this moment, in the Moon Worship Region, the various races were in endless shock.

They had already lost the ability to think. Everyone was immersed in the scene in their minds.

Looking at such a shocking scene, an indescribable heatwave rose in the hearts of the mortals. It was as though a lump of fire was about to be ignited in their hearts which finally transformed into extremely intense anticipation.

They were looking forward to the moment the blade slashed down!

It wasn't just the mortals. It was the same for cultivators. Those who had previously doubted the authenticity of the scene, now, looking at everything, their hesitation had long vanished.

This was indeed real!

Especially the cultivators of the Moon Rebel Hall who were in the rebel army in various places. For them, at this moment, they had fully realized what impact this scene would have on all living beings.

Hence, all of them suppressed their excitement and stared fixedly, wanting to see… the final slash!

As for the Red Moon Shrine, they had completely gone crazy. The hall priest had gone out and used all his divine powers and spells to lock onto the green sand desert. Hence, countless temple cultivators were heading straight for the green sand desert.

This included himself.

This was because he was clear that this scene was real. He also understood the meaning of this scene.

Under the attention of everyone, amidst the rumbling of the world, the scene that appeared in the minds of all living beings had actually changed.

 This was because an ancient memory… materialized from within as the God Slaying Platform was formed.

The scene submerged the figures of Ning Yan and others, becoming the sole focus of this place.

That was the last memory of the God Slaying Platform.

The ancient wind blew through the blue sky and collided with the blood-colored sky, stirring up layers of ripples.

The sky was the same and different from what Xu Qing had seen in the ink.

The similarity was that the sky was half blue and half red. The difference was that both sides had clearly experienced an earth-shattering battle.

Hence, half of the sky was like a mirror that had shattered.

The ground collapsed, turning into a purple sea.

Countless skeletons could be seen. There were men, women, old, and young, mortals and cultivators.

As for the towering figure between heaven and earth in the scene, as his figure imprinted in the minds of the onlookers, it stirred ripples akin to the sky.

This was the first time the living beings of this region saw a ruler.

Ruler Li Zihua closed his eyes and was unscathed. His towering body gave off an astonishing aura.

As for the Crimson Goddess opposite him, most of the tentacles on her lower body shattered, and most of the stars were also shattered.

A large amount of flesh and blood fell from the collapsed stars.

It was a shocking sight.

These were all the living beings that the Crimson Goddess had swallowed on her way here.

Looking at the Crimson Goddess, the mortals and cultivators in the Moon Worship Region instinctively gasped. This was also their first time seeing the Crimson Goddess for real.

In the scene, the Crimson Goddess watched as the stars she formed collapsed. Her eyes were red and she let out a heart-rending cry.

"Li Zihua, you and I came from the same place. When you left back then, you told me that you were going to become a god! You wanted to correct our fate!"

"For countless years, I've followed your footsteps and traces to this place!"

"But you've changed!"

"Why? Why don't you become a god with me? Why are you willing to lower your head to Mystic Nether?!"

"We… are the true owners of this star ring!"

As she spoke, the Crimson Goddess' eyes were filled with resentment. The sea of blood outside her body surged into the sky and blood moons rose, emitting an astonishing aura as they headed straight for Li Zihua.

Wherever they passed, the void would shatter, forming countless long marks that eventually landed on Li Zihua's body, leaving behind countless imprints.

These imprints could destroy the Great Dao and collapse the soul.

The deepest one was between Li Zihua's brows.

Li Zihua didn't dodge and silently endured it. He allowed his forehead to collapse and blood flowed out of his body, landing on the ground.

When the purple sea on the ground stirred up huge waves, his closed eyes slowly opened.

"I became a god before… In the end, I slashed my own divine fire."

"Because that's not the future I want, nor is it what you want… The moment a god appears in Wanggu, the ancient taboo will be activated and a great terror will awaken from the depths of the starry sky."

Li Zihua spoke softly and looked at the Crimson Goddess.

"You should return."

When the Crimson Goddess heard this, the resentment in her eyes grew even more intense. The blood sea in the surroundings churned again and in an instant, the world turned red. In the distant sky, an extremely huge blood moon seemed to be rising!

Li Zihua sighed softly and slowly raised his hand, pointing to the Crimson Goddess.

"Use the soil of the Moon Region as the cutting platform."

With a deep voice echoing through the heavens and earth, the ground rumbled, rolling up instantly. Starting from Crimson Goddess as the center, it spread in all directions, covering the entire region.

All the peaks in this region collapsed and shattered at this moment, and all the plains were upheaved. Countless earth and rocks surged like ocean waves from every corner of this region, converging towards this place.

As they converged to this place, the ground of this region sank by 100 feet.

As for the soil, it headed straight for the Crimson Goddess at an astonishing speed and gathered under her.

In the blink of an eye, it piled up into an earth-shattering altar!

This altar wasn't circular but rectangular. There was a huge ravine inside that stretched straight out. Endless blood gushed out and monstrous killing intent erupted.

Such a divine power shook all living beings.

The resentment in the Crimson Goddess's eyes deepened. Her body rose into the air, shattering the void along the way. The remaining stars that were swept up by the tentacles in the surroundings shone with a red light and transformed into a sea of blood that surrounded her, forming a huge vortex.

She was trying to escape this place.

Wherever she passed, the void corroded, the laws collapsed, and the world reversed.

However, it was obvious that under Li Zihua's gaze, it was impossible for her to escape from this large region.

"Use the sky of this region as a blade!"

Li Zihua's calm voice resounded again. A loud explosion rang out in the sky and the sky tilted at a speed visible to the naked eye, transforming into a long blade!

The sky was like a blade, and the ground was like a platform. They each took shape.

At that moment, a heart-rending voice echoed in the vortex where the Crimson Goddess was at. That voice contained horror and monstrous hatred.

Li Zihua fell silent, but in the end, he still lifted his hand and plucked the sun, connecting the sky and the ground. In an instant, a colossal God Slaying Platform appeared in the world.

It was astonishingly vast and incomparable.

Under the shrill cry of the Crimson Goddess, the instant the scene of horror spread to the hearts of all living beings, Li Zihua's right hand slowly landed.

At this moment, the sun rumbled and burned fiercely. It continued to rotate and erupted with terrifying might, transmitting it to the heavenly blade formed by the sky.

The heavenly blade descended!

The heaven was slashing toward the ground!

As long as it was in the world of this large region, it would be within the range of this blade.

The blood-colored vortex that Crimson Goddess was in erupted completely at this moment. It continued to rumble and wanted to resist, but it was useless.

The heavenly blade slashed across and landed on the vortex without stopping at all. It easily sliced through the vortex and appeared in front of the Crimson Goddess whose face was filled with horror and despair.

The blade landed on her forehead and slashed down!

Crack!

In the scene, the Crimson Goddess' body was directly cut into two. Endless blood sea was released, dyeing everything red.

This slash didn't just cut off the Crimson Goddess' head but also shackles in the souls of all living beings.

Seeing the death of the Crimson Goddess with their own eyes, it was as though the legend had been broken. The minds of all living beings in the Moon Worship Region rumbled in unison at this instant, forming a huge wave that shook the heavens and the earth.

Their bodies trembled violently and their breathing became hurried!

The scene continued.

As the world lost its color, an unwilling curse seemed to come from ancient times and resounded in the souls of all living beings watching the scene.

"Li Zihua, if I revive, I will make your soul wail in agony, tear apart your flesh and bones, subject your people to eternal suffering, and make you kneel until the collapse of Wanggu!"

The voice was chilling and pierced through one's soul.

Li Zihua stood in the air. As the voice resounded and the blood rain scattered down, he silently lifted his head and looked into the distance, looking at something.

His expression was a little lonely.

Gradually, the scene blurred and his figure slowly disappeared.

Other than the ones on-site, no one in the outside world heard, in the moment when his figure dissipated, a faint murmur coming from his mouth.

"I've already seen the curse you mentioned the moment I became a god…"































































The ancient scenes rumbled in the minds of the living beings in the Moon Worship Region, becoming thunderous, turning into a huge explosion, resounding and reverberating!

At this moment, waves of emotions surged in the hearts of all living beings!

Everything they saw today exceeded their understanding, subverted their thoughts, and shook their bodies and souls.

After their madness and despair, they had become numb like dead ice, now… cracks appeared on the ice. It was shattering and collapsing.

That blade slash had killed the Crimson Goddess and also severed the shackles in their hearts!

Perhaps the shackles hadn't been completely severed but at least a huge gap had appeared!

Under this gap was resentment and madness that had accumulated for countless years.

Hence, this gap… was extremely important!

Although what was expressed in the scene was before the Crimson Goddess had become a god, it wasn't important. What mattered was that… the myth had once been shattered.

The most important thing was that the Crimson Goddess was once a mortal!

The Crimson Goddess had once been killed!

No one was willing to be born a slave, let alone be immersed in the cycle of the fate of food.

However, the numbness of the past suppressed resistance, servility replaced bloodshed, and submissiveness seemed to be engraved in the bones for generations.

However…

Who would want to live like this for the rest of their lives? Who was willing to live in the darkness?



As a result, the appearance of the gap triggered a tsunami in the souls and a landslide in the minds!

As the blood-colored sky and the Red Moon approached, the resistance of all living beings suddenly erupted uncontrollably!

This eruption gathered strength from the ruins in various parts of the Moon Worship Region, surged from city to city, swelled within different races, and overwhelmed the hearts of countless cultivators.

At this moment, the spark was about to burn the region.

However, it was as though something was missing, causing this spark to seem like it was still accumulating and waiting!

The Red Moon Shrine was extremely furious. Countless temple cultivators had already rushed into the green sand desert to find the source.

The scene in the minds of all living beings continued to unfold, adding fuel to the flames, causing it to burn more intensely with each passing moment.

At the same time, in the small world, the world underwent a similar drastic change.

As the memories of the God Slaying Platform appeared, it shook the surroundings. Especially the depiction of the sky as the blade, the earth as the platform, and the sun as the axis. This vast and astonishing scene left everyone emotionally stirred.

When this scene that devoured mountains and rivers attracted everyone's attention, Ning Yan and the others could no longer maintain the expressions of their characters. They trembled and retreated one after another.

Fortunately, the appearance of the ancient memory covered their figures and outsiders couldn't see them.

Very soon, they instinctively retreated to the side of the heir.

It was the same for Nether Fairy. Her speed of escape was the fastest. It was as though she was afraid that the God Slaying Platform had an issue and would take advantage of the opportunity to slash her.

The captain followed them.

However, after returning to the heir's side, their minds were still trembling. The churning memories of the God Slaying Platform transmitted a large amount of information. Every piece of this information was filled with an explosive feeling.

The meaning behind it was too great.

Li Zihua actually came from the same place as the Crimson Goddess!

He had once become a god!

The most terrifying thing was when they thought of the arrival of the god's fragmented-face several years after the Crimson Goddess was killed…

Was this the great terror Li Zihua had mentioned?

 The Crimson Goddess had become a god, so she attracted the fragmented-face?

Everyone fell silent.

There were only guesses and no answers.

As for the reason for the appearance of the god's fragmented-face, it was a secret that very few people knew about. Whether it was really related to this… Some people might know but most people didn't know.

The captain lowered his head, covering the dark glint in his eyes. He was equally silent.

What caused even more waves in everyone's hearts was the last sentence of the sovereign, Li Zihua.

This simple sentence couldn't be heard by all living beings in the outside world but everyone in the small world heard it clearly!

It seemed to transcend the heavenly thunder, as if creating a new world, transforming into a resounding echo that surpassed the ages, erupting in their hearts.

This was especially so for the heir and the others…

At this moment, their expressions changed unprecedentedly. Old Eighth's eyes were wide open, and Fifth Sister's expression was blank.

As for the heir, his gaze landed in the distance, as though the end of his vision penetrated this place and looked in the direction of the Repentance Plain in the outside world.

On the Repentance Plain, there was the statue formed from the dead body of the ruler as well as the headquarters of the Red Moon Shrine.

'Father, since you already knew all of this, what… were you really thinking?'

The heir muttered inwardly.

Princess Mingmei slowly lifted her head and stared blankly at her father's figure that was dissipating in the memory image formed by the God Slaying Platform.

The memories of the God Slaying Platform were flowing away. The ancient wind blew from the scene, turning it into sand and gradually turning it into ashes, as though it was about to completely dissipate.

As it dissipated, some things still existed.

The heavenly blade formed by the mountain range in the first hurdle was still in the sky, and the blade groove formed by the canyon in the second hurdle was still on the ground.

On the altar where sky and earth met, as the figure of Ruler Li Zihua blurred, a new figure appeared!

This person was a young man, dressed in a black Daoist robe. His long, jet-black hair was tied up, and a jade crown was fastened, with strands dancing in the wind as if trying to conceal his peerless visage.

It was a face that was enough to mesmerize all living beings.

He sat there cross-legged. Although his eyes were closed, one could imagine that there must be a pair of eyes that were as bright as the stars hidden inside.

He was Xu Qing.

The God Slaying Platform that had appeared earlier centered around him. As for the scenes displayed by the God Slaying Platform, they were also manifested with him as the origin. The source of everything was him!

At that moment, as the memories of the God Slaying Platform dissipated, Xu Qing's figure naturally appeared.

Coupled with the sky, earth, and the executioner's platform, it looked like… he was the God Slaying Platform!

At this moment, the minds of all the living beings in the Moon Worship Region in the outside world stirred again. This was because the scene in their minds was still continuing. This allowed them to clearly see Xu Qing at this moment.

This was also Xu Qing's first time being the center of attention in the Moon Worship Region with his true appearance!

"He is…"

"The ruler's body disappeared and this person appeared. Could there be some meaning behind this?!"

"Is this an ancient memory or a present scene?"

"If it was in ancient times, what was this person's identity? If it's now… Could it be that all the precious scenes from before were taken out by this person through the river of time?"

"He… who is he?"

All living beings were shocked and endless guesses rose. To the cultivators in the Moon Worship Region, the fluctuations in their hearts were even more intense, especially those experts. The difference in their cultivation levels allowed them to see more information from the scene in their minds.

"He's comprehending?!"

"Could it be that he comprehended all the scenes earlier?"

"Could it be that this person found the original location where the Crimson Goddess was killed back then and is comprehending it, causing the rules of that world to change? Hence, the scene we saw!"

"I don't believe anyone can have such comprehension!"

Waves of gasps rang out from various places in the Moon Worship Region, especially those people from the Moon Rebel Hall. The fluctuations in their hearts were even more intense. There were even people who had already begun to investigate Xu Qing's background.

They felt that it was very likely that someone who could borrow the power of the Moon Rebel Hall was a member of the Moon Rebel Hall.

Just as everyone was feeling bewildered, the ruler's body completely disappeared. Xu Qing's figure was also revealed clearly.

His eyes slowly opened at this moment.

The starry eyes were like waves of water, following the scene and reflecting into the minds of all living beings.

The hint of understanding in it was transmitted to the consciousness of all living beings through the scene, causing the mortals and cultivators in the Moon Worship Region to be dazed and ripples to appear.

After the ripples, there were even more gasps of horror.

"It's really comprehension!"

"This… How is this possible? All of this was actually comprehended by him. He reproduced the ancient memories!!"

"This comprehension ability… is heaven-defying!!"

"Who exactly is he?!"

Shock and disbelief couldn't be suppressed and erupted intensely in all directions.

At this moment, Xu Qing's terrifying comprehension ability shook all living beings.

At this moment, his figure also stirred up a monstrous storm in the Moon Worship Region.

On the green sand desert, the Red Moon Shrine cultivators moved even faster. Xu Qing's face also emerged in their minds. The high priest instantly decreed that Xu Qing was to be listed as a wanted criminal!

Even the headquarters of the Red Moon Shrine emitted an remarkable red light, transforming into a large net in the sky. After resonating with the Red Moon, it ruthlessly suppressed the entire large region.

In the red net, one could vaguely see a headless corpse that was erupting with supreme might.

That corpse… was none other than the mortal body of the Crimson Goddess!

Its appearance caused the color of the world to change, affecting the Heavenly Eye in the small world. It caused the scene that emerged in the minds of all living beings to blur, as though it was about to disappear.

Even though the heir and the others tried their best to maintain the scene, it still vanished in the end.

However, the instant the scene in the minds of all living beings dissipated, a deep voice suddenly rang out from the scene, echoing in the hearts of countless living beings in the Moon Worship Region.

"Gods aren't eternal…"

Every word of this voice was like thunder, rumbling the world and exploding in the hearts of all living beings. It was what all living beings lacked previously.

As it echoed, it was as though a spark had exploded, causing countless living beings to instinctively open their mouths, emitting roars from their souls, and shouts of resistance against fate.

"Hope is what lasts forever!!"

This bellow and shout converged into a roar, igniting the accumulated grievances in everyone's hearts, bursting forth through the gap in the shackles.

At this moment, the spark was about to burn the region.

It… was burning the region!

It spread through the mountain range, the plains, and the entire large region.

Countless cultivators who were in despair began to resist with reddened eyes.

Countless numb mortals let out shouts and began to struggle.

Strands of invisible power of faith also spread out from all living beings at this moment. They rose from all directions and merged into the void. Finally… they collected at the God Slaying Platform!































































The so-called power of faith was the power of wish, desire, and emotions.

That was the struggle of human nature, one of the instincts of life.

Usually, when beings were agitated or devout, although the power of faith would disperse too, the former was mixed and the latter was rare.

And at this moment, after the two acts, after the ancient memory, after the Crimson Goddess was killed…

The emotions of all living beings fluctuated unprecedentedly intensely. Their thirst for freedom and determination to survive erupted unprecedentedly.

It also contained struggle and resistance!

Especially the resentment that had accumulated for generations, it ignited at this instant and released an extremely terrifying power of faith.

As the power of faith continued to rise, for the first time since the Red Moon appeared on the horizon and the sky was dyed red, another light appeared in the sky of the Moon Worship Region.

It was a white light.

It was formed by countless specks of light, illuminating the entire sky, and could be seen from anywhere in the large region.

Even some places that didn't see light all year round were brightly lit at this moment.

These light specks were like stars. As they shone, they shuttled through the void in an unbelievable way, heading straight for the source of their attraction.

That place… was none other than the God Slaying Platform Xu Qing was on.

In the blink of an eye, countless white specks of light appeared in the small world. More and more of them appeared densely, shocking everyone.



The captain was excited. The reason why he had arranged such a grand show was for the power of all living beings.

'It's not enough. Let's wait a little longer…'

The captain forcefully endured it. He looked at the rising power of faith and his heart stirred.

At that moment, Ning Yan and Wu Jianwu's breathing was hurried. Looking at the specks of light gathered in the surroundings, they instinctively sensed them and were instantly moved.

In these light specks, they could clearly sense the struggle and hope.

It was a struggle against fate and hope for survival.

Nether Fairy licked her lips and glanced at the heir and the others before glancing at Xu Qing. She had no choice but to suppress the impulse in her heart.

To her, this power of faith was the best nourishment. It was torturous for her to see such a large amount and not be able to devour it.

However, in the end, she still didn't dare to pocket it. On one hand, she was afraid of the heir. On the other hand, she could sense that this place contained karma. It might not be a good thing to devour it.

There was also Li Youfei. He looked at all of this blankly but his heart quickly calmed down.

He was used to it.

As for Xu Qing, who was surrounded by the endless power of faith, he slowly lifted his head and looked at the white spots of light that filled the surroundings. He could clearly sense that these weren't here for him.

To be precise, they came for hope and contained the karma of all living beings.

Xu Qing fell silent.

At this moment, the heir suddenly spoke.

"Xu Qing, take out your Spirit Repository Fruit and swallow it!"

"Use the remaining aura here to attract the ancient lightning tribulation to cleanse you, allowing all your nascent souls to step into the Fourth Tribulation Realm!"

"As for the baptism of the ancient heavenly lightning, it will cover through time and contains the power of time. This is an extremely rare opportunity for you!"

"This time, I will continue to activate Xinan's cruel order for you."

"You have to remember that this is an opportunity… an opportunity to sharpen your trump card!"

"Although you've comprehended the God Slaying Platform, when you leave this place, without this special environment, you actually won't be able to truly unleash it. So, you have to think of a way to use your own way to display it!"

 "Transform it into your trump card!"

The heir's gaze was deep as he stared at Xu Qing.

"This time's tribulation, despite Xinan's cruel order, will not be shared because you cannot bear it. It will continue until you turn the God Slaying Platform into a trump card, eliminating a heavenly lightning, only then will it cease, and only then will it be shared."

"If you succeed, the power of faith of all living beings can be gathered on the blade. From then on… your God Slaying Blade will gather great karma!"

Xu Qing's body trembled and he abruptly lifted his head to look at the heir.

His eyes gleamed. After a moment of silence, he immediately took out the Spirit Repository Fruit that Princess Mingmei had given him and swallowed it in one gulp.

The fruit melted the moment it entered his mouth, forming a heatwave. It was as though it had transformed into a terrifying volcano that suddenly erupted in Xu Qing's body.

That was the power of a complete secret repository contained in the Spirit Repository fruit.

Under this eruption, Xu Qing even heard the shouts coming from the fruit.

That was the roar of the other party's Heavenly Dao.

In an instant, all the nascent souls in Xu Qing's body opened their eyes and circulated their energy.

The Golden Crow danced, the Ghost Emperor Mountain swayed, the morning glow shone, and the Time Bottle trembled…

Other than the Purple Moon Nascent Soul, the other 12 nascent souls transformed into 12 black holes and devoured the heat waves that filled Xu Qing's entire body with all their might.

Under this continuous absorption and fusion, the Golden Crow Nascent Soul was the first to reach perfection. The sensation of the heavenly tribulation instantly erupted.

Next was Xu Qing's Heavenly Dao Nascent Soul. It woke up from its slumber and its mosasaur body let out a long cry, heading straight for the Secret Repository's Heavenly Dao. With the help of the Purple Moon's suppression, it crazily absorbed it and also reached the perfected third tribulation.

Next was the Poison Restriction, the morning glow, the Time Bottle, and the Ghost Emperor Mountain.

They erupted one after another and continued to strengthen. The power of the Poison Restriction spread in all directions, making Xu Qing look hazy.

The morning glow shone and everything manifested.

The Time Bottle undulated inside, emitting the feeling of time. As for the Ghost Emperor Mountain, its eyes suddenly opened with a monstrous aura.

In the end, it was D132.

In D132, the god's finger didn't dare to move. The head and other existences were also shivering.

Under their gazes, Xu Qing's nascent soul, who was sitting cross-legged in D132 like the little boy in the past, was performing a series of hand seals. Countless shattered jade slips surrounded him, and every one of them was shining brightly.

As rumbling sounds echoed through the sky, Xu Qing's eight nascent souls emitted terrifying fluctuations amidst the surging heat waves. However, this wasn't the end.

At the next instant, all five of his Sundial life lanterns trembled and transformed into five huge vortexes that continued to spin, absorbing a large amount of the energy from the Spirit Repository Fruit.

During this process, the sundials' needles started spinning even faster than before. Under the successive rotations, time seemed to be augmented in Xu Qing's body. Very soon… the nascent souls that had transformed into suns on the five life lanterns also emitted fluctuations of the perfected third tribulation.

At this point, Xu Qing's 13 nascent souls, other than Purple Moon which was at a higher level, had all reached the critical point of the perfected third tribulation.

And the attraction of the heavenly tribulation's power reached its peak at this moment.

In this sealed world, heaven and earth rumbled.

The ancient wind blew over again, stirring up dust. At the same time, the sound of thunder echoed in the huge vortex in the sky.

This sound carried a sense of eternity, as if being drawn from the passage of time, and just at this moment… the heir turned his head and looked at Fifth Sister.

Fifth Sister waved her hand forward.

Immediately, a group of chicks flew out.

These were only a portion of Fifth Sister's chicks. The moment they appeared, their eyes were filled with horror and despair as they let out gurgling sounds.

But it was of no avail. In the blink of an eye, through the heir's actions, an intangible connection was established between them and Xu Qing.

This caused the judgment of the heavenly tribulation on Xu Qing to change.

He was no longer a Nascent Soul at the perfected Third Tribulation Realm but a composite entity that had gathered the strength of a large number of experts!

Hence, the rumbling of the lightning became even more astonishing. As it continued to explode, the heir cast a deep glance at Xu Qing. He suddenly bit the tip of his tongue and spat out a mouthful of blood.

Princess Mingmei, Old Eighth, and Fifth Sister did the same at the same time.

The blood of the four of them gathered together, forming a blood curtain that enveloped the blade in the sky, the platform on the ground, Xu Qing, and the chicks.

Everything was enveloped together, forming a huge blood cocoon!

From afar, it looked like a circular egg!

After doing this, the heir and the other three stepped forward and appeared around the blood-colored cocoon. They sat down cross-legged and all performed hand seals, pointing forward.

"With the blood of the Soul Accumulation as a guide, let this kid comprehend Father's divine power."

"With the ancient tribulation as evidence, merge all things to refine the cosmos."

The four of them spoke simultaneously, their voices filled with vicissitudes, resonating with the thunder, as if making a solemn vow.

The huge blood cocoon rumbled and the thunderous sound of the vortex in the sky became even louder. One could vaguely see arcs of lightning inside.

These lightning bolts were blue in color. As they continued to shine, they began to gather, forming huge runes that transformed into ancient lightning. The deafening sound horrified Ning Yan and the others.

"This is the fourth tribulation? This is the f*cking fourth tribulation? What are they doing?"

"The first tribulation was forced to retreat from a shout due to Fenghai County's fortune, the second tribulation fell in the gaps of the fluctuations of the rules of heaven and earth, he turned into the endless green sand desert in the third tribulation, and this fourth tribulation… Soul Accumulation beings are helping him to refine the ancient heavenly lightning!"

"Then what will his fifth tribulation be like? What else can surpass this fourth tribulation? Will a god take on his tribulation?"

Ning Yan trembled.

Wu Jianwu was also trembling. Li Youfei smiled proudly. He was still calm but his body was faintly trembling.

As for Nether Fairy, she looked at the blood cocoon Xu Qing was in with a complicated expression. With her experience, she could vaguely guess the motive of the heir and the others.

"Become a butterfly from a cocoon…"

The captain lifted his head and mumbled as a smile emerged on his face.

"Little Qing, the Moon Worship Region is where we soar… The Crimson Goddess is your fifth tribulation!"

While everyone's minds were fluctuating, the loud sound of the vortex in the sky abruptly increased. A bolt of lightning that emitted an ancient aura tore through time and suddenly landed in Xu Qing's direction!

The instant the lightning descended…

The heir performed a series of hand seals and pressed his glabella.

"The heaven and earth of this realm, now belongs to this child!"

Old Eighth roared, his hands came together, forming seals.

"The desires of this realm, currently belong to this child!"

Princess Mingmei's voice was low. With a wave of her hand, the River of Time appeared and intercepted this place.

"The time of this realm, currently belongs to this child!"

Fifth Sister's voice was soft and the intent of recovery rose.

"The rebirth of this realm, currently belongs to this child!"

Heavenly lightning rumbled like a primordial lightning dragon and blasted the blood cocoon.

The blood cocoon shook and emitted a deafening sound. The lightning collapsed and morphed into tens of thousands of lightning bolts that pierced through.

At the next instant, the vortex in the heavens spun again, and the ancient lightning roared within, erupting and descending.































































Lightning kept descending from the vortex in the sky, landing on the blood cocoon.

The blood cocoon was shrinking.

Countless bolts of lightning descended like a waterfall, transforming into a pool of lightning on the ground. It flickered with resplendent light and its sound shook the world.

Its might surpassed the three lightning tribulations Xu Qing had faced in the past. It could even be said that any one of them now carried the power to destroy this world.

This was because the heir and the other three had used their authorities to forcefully attribute the heaven and earth of this realm to Xu Qing.

Along with this, the lingering might of the God Slaying Platform and the history witnessed by this place also belonged to him.

Its immense weight was what triggered such a startling scene.

The four of them also used the ruler bloodline they possessed to give Xu Qing the qualifications to possess the great divine art, the God Slaying Platform. This was an acknowledgment from their father, Li Zihua, toward Xu Qing, originating from the source of this divine art.

With this, Xu Qing was connected to the ruler.

As such, the heavenly tribulation's aura naturally became even more terrifying.

This was also the outcome that the heir and the others wanted. They wanted to make use of the primordial lightning tribulation to refine everything in this realm, continuously compressing the world here and imprinting it on Xu Qing's body.

This was a form of help.

Under this compression and push, Xu Qing could achieve twice the result with half the effort. He could use a shorter time and have a greater chance of success to truly master the God Slaying Platform.

Not only would it appear in his sea of consciousness, but it would also completely transform into his trump card.



However, to Xu Qing, this process was like refining his body and soul.

With the bombardment of the lightning tribulation outside, the world inside the blood cocoon collapsed and squeezed toward him.

His sea of consciousness rumbled and the phantom of the God Slaying Platform spread out.

The collision inside and outside caused Xu Qing's body to continue shattering and his mind to gradually wither. His 13 nascent souls were going all out.

The purple crystal played a crucial role at this moment. The healing power it emitted flowed like a clear spring, nourishing everything. At the same time, it allowed Xu Qing to bear an immense amount of pressure.

As such, his possibility of success naturally increased.

The lightning continued to descend and the blood cocoon shrank at a speed visible to the naked eye.

Xu Qing's body trembled, cracks appeared on his skin, and fresh blood flowed. The boundless lightning that penetrated the blood cocoon was refining everything inside. Combined with the immense pressure here, it sought to crush everything.

And with each reduction in the size of the blood cocoon, the world inside would collapse. The platform formed by the blade groove was the first to shatter amidst rumbling sounds.

It turned into endless dust that headed straight for Xu Qing.

Immediately after, the heavenly blade formed by the sky hanging high in the blood cocoon also collapsed, turning into fragments before being squeezed into dust. It also surged toward Xu Qing.

After that, the altar Xu Qing was on collapsed.

As for those chicks who had been thrown inside, they were all wailing now. They had somehow been connected to Xu Qing and became scapegoats.

Under this tremendous pressure, they were helping Xu Qing share the burden of life and death, and withered one by one.

Finally, as the blood cocoon contracted, everything here turned to ashes and was tainted by lightning, enveloping Xu Qing's surroundings.

The blood cocoon had also shrunk to less than 30 feet now. It shook violently, as though it would collapse at any moment.

The lightning continued to fall.

"I told him that Xinan's cruel order will only be activated when he succeeds, to make him even more determined to turn the God Slaying Platform into his trump card."

"However, Xinan's cruel order is being continuously activated."

The expressions of the heir and the other three became increasingly solemn as they stared at the blood cocoon. The captain and the others were also shocked as they watched everything from afar.

They were all waiting.

 Time flowed by. An hour later, the vortex in the sky seemed to be connected to a lightning pool with an even larger range. It was like a hole, causing the lightning pool there to surge out endlessly.

The thunderbolts bolts covered the blood cocoon so densely that it couldn't even be seen clearly.

Only a hint of desolation was being faintly emitted, causing the people waiting outside to feel varying degrees of worry.

At this moment, a hint of killing intent suddenly rose from this desolation and instantly spread in all directions, shaking the heavens and the earth.

Everyone's hearts stirred and the vortex in the sky paused for a moment. A murmur slowly rang out from the blood cocoon.

"Ghost Emperor Mountain Becomes the slaying platform, D132's fortune becomes the blade groove!"

As soon as the voice came out, the cracks on the blood cocoon rapidly spread, as though a terrifying force was brewing inside.

"Heavenly Dao transforms into the blade's body and the Divine Curse Poison Restriction transforms into its edge. Morning glow shall be the blade light!"

As the second murmur echoed, the blood chrysalis rumbled and began to collapse.

"The Golden Crow is the connection, and the Purple Moon is the seal!"

"Containing with time…"

"Controlling and commanding with the Sundial life lantern…"

The murmurs were still echoing. Wu Jianwu, Ning Yan, and the others' faces were pale as they instinctively retreated. They could sense astonishing fluctuations rising from the blood cocoon.

This fluctuation seemed to contain a power of laws, causing the thunderbolts in the vortex in the sky to appear hazy as they landed.

This lasted until the last murmur echoed.

"At noon on the Sundial, heaven and earth shall be slashed together!"

The blood chrysalis directly exploded and a blade light formed from within with endless might and peerless killing intent.

The sky surged, the earth roared, and in the midst of the increasingly fragmented world, the mosasaur roared and turned into a colossal blade in mid-air.

This saber contained the intent of the boundless sky and the charm of slashing the Dao, achieving the status of a heavenly blade.

The power of the Poison Restriction rapidly gathered and formed the blade's edges that contained the pinnacle of Poison Restriction. Once slashed, it would not only carry its inherent power, but also harbored the curse of the Poison Restriction.

Next was the morning glow, forming a cold light on the blade. It could cut through all things, break all techniques, and transform into myriad spells!

The ground churned and the Ghost Emperor Mountain and D132 appeared. D132 formed a blade groove and the Ghost Emperor lifted its hands to lift the prison that was filled with the power of fortune, forming an illusory canyon.

Following that, the Golden Crow danced, connecting heaven and earth, while the Purple Moon extended its patterns across everything. The divine repository within it provided additional support.

After that, Xu Qing's five Sundials appeared in the sky and rotated. When the aura of the passage of time spread in all directions, the five needles paused in unison. All of them arrived at quarter to noon!

At the next instant…

One strike, slashed the sky!

It headed straight for the heavenly thunderbolts falling from the vortex in the sky.

It streaked across the sky!

It was as though the world had been split open!

The thunderbolts bolts broke, the lightning pool shattered, and the life tribulation… was slayed!

The world rumbled and the God Slaying Platform turned blurry. It rapidly gathered and finally transformed into a time bottle.

When this bottle landed, Xu Qing, who was walking over from the void, caught it and placed it in his palm.

Xu Qing's eyes were clear as he stared at this bottle. After a while, he kept the bottle and cupped his fists and bowed to the heir and the other three before speaking softly.

"Thank you, seniors, for helping me succeed!"

Ning Yan and the others lost their voices in horror. The captain's eyes revealed a strange glint, the heir and the other three smiled. Princess Mingmei suddenly spoke.

"Does your divine art have a name?"

Xu Qing lifted his head and looked at the distant world as he calmly spoke.

"Its name is… Noon Is Here!"

Princess Mingmei smiled and nodded. As she looked at Xu Qing with increasing admiration, the heir at the side coughed. His eyes were filled with approval as he slowly spoke.

"Not bad, but you can't be complacent. Your other nascent spirit still need to be polished. Only then can your trump card display its true strength."

"Now, have you thought about whether you should fuse the power of faith of all living beings here and turn it into your blade?"

As he spoke, the heir's gaze swept past the captain.

The captain coughed and waved his hand. Immediately, six white balls of light appeared in his hand.

These six balls of light carried the struggles and hope of all living beings in the Moon Worship Region. When one looked over, they could see countless faces.

They were the power of faith of all living beings that had gathered here and were taken away by the captain when Xu Qing was transcending the tribulation.

"Eldest Senior Brother should have other uses for them." Xu Qing looked at the captain and spoke in a low voice.

With his experience in doing big things with Eldest Senior Brother, he was very clear that Eldest Senior Brother's big things were often linked together. Everything before was clearly for the faith of all living beings.

Upon hearing Xu Qing's words, the captain was in high spirits. He had been feeling that the big thing this time was a bit off.

In the past, although Xu Qing was resplendent, he himself wasn't bad either. They had their own moments and were a peerless duo.

However, this time, he felt aggrieved.

The sealed place was opened by him, the script was choreographed by him, and the props were also prepared by him. However, the ultimate control was taken away by the heir and the others, and he still had to cooperate to perform.

That was fine, but halfway through the performance, Little Qing began to explode with brilliance…

It was fine if he erupted, but it didn't explode completely in one go. Instead, it came wave after wave. First, it was the ancient wind, then the God Slaying Platform, and then the ancient memory. When it finally ended, there was even such a thunderbolts tribulation.

When Erniu thought of this, he felt a little tired. He felt that being Little Qing's eldest senior brother wasn't easy.

"It's finally my turn!"

The captain took a deep breath and strode out. He arrived in the air and stood beside Xu Qing.

"Junior Brother, watch carefully. Next… is our true goal for this time's big thing!"

Xu Qing blinked and put on an expectant expression.

Noticing Xu Qing's expression, Chen Erniu felt smug in his heart. He lifted his head proudly and waved his right hand fiercely in front of him.

"Following the agreement made before the passage of time, using the faith power of all living beings as the guide, transforming it into a descending mark, laying out the path of divine spirits, piercing through the Gate of the Flame Moon!"

"High God Flame Moon, I'm here to call you!"

As soon as the captain finished speaking, the power of faith of all living beings in his hand flew up and rapidly circled in front of him. Finally, they fused together, forming a huge ring.

The ring rumbled as it rotated, as though it had opened up a passageway… a path that led to the resting place of another high god!

A trace of terrifying aura that was different from the Crimson Goddess spread from it.

Just a trace of it caused the expressions of the heir and the others to instantly change. The entire sealed place blurred and anomalous substances erupted here.

As for the outside world… the green sand desert underwent a sudden change.































































At this moment, the green sand desert trembled intensely.

It was as though the captain's words had opened some taboo, causing the terrifying power hidden in this desert to erupt at this instant.

Grains of sand rose into the air, floating between heaven and earth.

Every grain was shaking and a sinister face even appeared on it, roaring angrily at the sky.

This roar turned into thunder that rumbled in the sky.

There was also wind that blew from everywhere, sweeping through everything.

The world turned into a sea of sand at this instant.

Looking around, endless grains of sand kept rising, and gradually, the surface of the desert lowered.

The sand that danced in the sky was swept up by the wind and kept colliding with each other amidst rumbling sounds. Each of them shattered and turned into dust, forming a huge sandstorm.

Faces roared in pain from within, ultimately converging into a gigantic visage vaguely resembling that of a woman.

She was laughing and crying, and her visage shrouded the entire green sand desert.

The anomalous substances erupted and the world became blurry.

The god had descended!

In an instant, the entire green sand desert became dim, and divine consciousness couldn't expand even a bit in this place. The naked eye struggled to see anything in front.

Only endless rumbling sounds erupted into the sky. As for the cultivators here, they were all hiding in their respective cave abodes and watching everything in horror.

It was unknown who started it but they knelt down in front of the huge face formed by the green sand desert.

"White Goddess!"



At the entrance of the small world Xu Qing and the others were in, those clansmen of the Wind Guard Race were even more excited. All the clansmen knelt down and chanted an ancient chant.

"White Goddess awakens, serene by the blazing river."

"Divine child descends, to save the suffering below."

"Countless souls agitated, our hearts remain aglow."

"I'm willing to become the earth, nurturing all we know."

The chanting echoed in the sandstorm and was carried by the wind, drifting in all directions. Although the storm was astonishing, it didn't seem to have malice toward the people who lived here.

However… the figures of the Red Moon Shrine cultivators who had locked onto the green sand desert and were rushing over from all directions to punish the source of the ancient scene had no choice but to retreat in the sandstorm.

This sandstorm seemed to have focused all its malice on these outsiders.

In an instant, a large number of Red Moon cultivators retreated with horrified expressions. Some were even directly drowned in the sandstorm. Their bodies were torn apart and their souls were disintegrated, and their wails were drowned out by the howling wind.

Even the expression of the high priest who had arrived changed drastically.

"Everyone, leave this place!"

He immediately gave the order. Soon, the cultivators of the temple fled rapidly and retreated outside the desert, not daring to enter at all.

The high priest and some Nihility divine envoys forcefully barged in. Amidst the sandstorm, they were like spears that tore through the void, heading straight for the entrance where Xu Qing and the others were.

Closer and closer.

However, while they were moving forward, the abnormal change in the green sand desert was still ongoing. The horizon of the desert also rose with boundless sand. As the face formed by the desert became more and more majestic, the desert started to sink.

100 feet, 800 feet, 1,500 feet…

In the end, the entire green sand desert sank by ten thousand feet!

The sea of sand was roaring in the green sand desert, but it was empty below.

 A gigantic crater, akin to a sinkhole, and the ancient land before the formation of the desert, were revealed.

There were also mountain peaks of different heights.

Some peaks were once completely buried beneath the desert and were now revealed for the first time after countless years.

Others were partially exposed outside, similar to the Bitter Life Mountain Range, with parts that would be buried now coming to light.

Compared to the entire crater, these mountain ranges resembled sharp thorns.

The ground inside was pitch black, emitting a decaying odor, with numerous pits and ravines, as if an astonishing battle had once taken place here.

This change in the ground exceeded the imagination of the cultivators. The native cultivators of the green sand desert were all shocked, and their hearts were filled with tremendous waves of emotion. Their worship of White Goddess became even more devout.

Meanwhile, the sand sea between heaven and earth continued to shatter with the ongoing collisions, turning into dust that mingled with the wind.

Vaguely, its form seemed to be changing…

Gradually, everyone who witnessed this couldn't help but recall a legend.

Legend had it that the entire green sand desert was originally a sinkhole. Many years ago, a strand of hair fell from the sky and turned into sand here, filling up the sinkhole and turning it into a desert.

Today, this legend… was verified.

This was because the shape of the endless sea of sand in the air was constantly changing. Finally, it gathered together and formed… a green hair!

As soon as this hair appeared, the hearts of the Red Moon Shrine's high priest and the others trembled and they were in a daze.

The entire green sand desert seemed as though time had stopped, the laws had stopped and frozen. Everything fell silent.

The wind no longer blew and time no longer circulated. All life and things were motionless.

The divine might descended.

The green sand desert was directly isolated and seemed to be separated from the entire Moon Worship Region, hiding in the gaps of time and space.

The green hair rapidly shrunk until it transformed into an ordinary person's hair and disappeared from the world. When it appeared… it was in the sealed area in front of the captain.

It floated down and landed on the captain's palm.

The ends of hair swayed slightly and slowly drooped down.

The captain turned his head and looked at Xu Qing with a spurious smile.

"Little Qing, are you surprised?"

Xu Qing gazed at the hair. Everything that happened outside earlier was reflected in his mind the instant his gaze met the hair.

He saw the changes in the external world and the appearance of the sinkhole.

This scene caused Xu Qing's heart to fluctuate intensely.

He knew that every major event the captain did was extremely exciting, but he was still shocked by this scene.

"Senior Brother, is this the hair of the high god you collaborated with in your previous life?"

Xu Qing took a deep breath prior to asking.

Seeing Xu Qing like this, the captain was satisfied, and at this moment, he felt that the rhythm was back in his hands, contemplating that this was in line with the usual pattern of doing big things in the past.

"That's right. Although this person doesn't have a good temper, Her status is extremely high."

The captain was smug as he shook the hair in his hand.

"Regardless of whether it's the hiding place in my previous life or the seal here, they were all completed with Her help. As for the green sand desert, it was formed by Her hair."

"At the same time, this is also a token left for me."

"When the time is ripe, I can borrow the power of faith of all living beings to transform the green sand desert into Her hair again. With this… I can open a door to Her."

As the captain spoke, he looked at the heir and the others. He felt comfortable as he saw their solemn expressions.

The heir's gaze was deep as he looked at the hair in Erniu's hand and suddenly spoke.

"The one working with you is the High God Flame Moon from among the three gods of the sun, moon, and star of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race!"

The captain chuckled and nodded proudly.

"The three high gods of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race originally wanted to give me face, but in the end, I thought of the life-and-death feud between their race and our human race, so I rejected them."

"In the end, Little Yue[1] shamelessly insisted on helping. I had no choice but to reluctantly agree."

"Seeing that She was putting in so much effort, I agreed to let Her eat a few more pieces of Crimson Goddess' meat when the time comes."

The heir was expressionless. He pretended not to hear Erniu's nonsense. As for Princess Mingmei, she sneered and similarly ignored him.

Even though the hearts of Ning Yan and the others continued to fluctuate, when they heard this, their first reaction was that Erniu's bragging was too fake.

Xu Qing was already used to it and directly ignored it.

Seeing that no one believed him, the captain sighed.

"Forget it, forget it. What I stated is true. One day, you'll know that what I said was all true. They were really the ones who begged me."

The captain gave a dry cough, shook his head with an expression of helplessness, and then raised his hand, waving the strand of hair into the vortex formed by the power of faith in front.

This strand of hair fluttered in the wind. The instant it landed, the vortex of power of faith suddenly stopped spinning.

The hair inside grew longer and continued to spread, growing longer and larger until it formed a path.

This path meandered deep into the void.

At the end of the void, a door could be dimly seen.

This was an ancient wooden door that gave off an ominous feeling.

It was made of black wood and there were numerous scratches on it. Every scratch was deep and there were even some with minced meat.

Black blood seeped out from the gaps in the door.

A sense of decay rose from the black blood, and the eerie feeling permeated everything.

The god's aura surged within, causing Ning Yan and others to wail in agony as the anomalous substances erupted within their bodies with just a glance.

Xu Qing's vision also turned blurry and his heart trembled intensely.

The expressions of the heir and the other three were solemn as they stared at the black wooden door, as though they were facing a great enemy.

Only the captain had a relaxed expression. He took a few steps forward and stepped into the vortex, stepping on the path formed by the hair. He then turned his head and glanced at Xu Qing prior to laughing.

"Little Qing, do you want to come with me to take a look?"

Just as Xu Qing was about to speak, the blood that spread out from the gap in the black wooden door suddenly became denser. There was also a hurried series of knocks on the door.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

The sound was intense and so loud that it shook one's soul.

It was as though someone beyond the door had sensed the presence outside, so they attacked with all their might, wanting to break through the door. In fact, because the force was too great, the wooden door trembled violently and more scratches appeared on it.

The sudden knocks on the door shocked the captain as well. He blinked and tried his best to maintain his composure, sighing.

"Really, why do those who are locked up always like to knock on the door so rudely?"

Old Eighth, who was beside the heir, glared at the captain and suddenly spoke.

"She's cursing you."

[1] Yue(月) means moon.































































The captain smiled when he heard this and his gaze was sincere.

"Senior, that's impossible. Back then, it was Her who begged to help me."

His words were calm, his expression composed, and there was a hint of reminiscence in his eyes. It seemed as if he had immense trust in the entity behind the black wooden door, and they had shared many beautiful experiences together.

Ning Yan and Wu Jianwu exchanged looks. Even though they knew Erniu well, they were still a little skeptical when they saw the expressions of others.

Xu Qing didn't hesitate at all. He retreated hundreds of feet away and arrived beside the heir and Princess Mingmei. He felt that he was safe here.

As for the captain's invitation, Xu Qing directly ignored it.

He believed that he was a rational person and didn't have much madness. Everything depended on whether the value was enough. This was different from the captain.

Hence, in terms of crazily courting death, Xu Qing felt that the captain was superior.

Seeing that Xu Qing had retreated, a hint of hidden bitterness appeared in the captain's eyes.

"She is cursing you pretty badly." Old Eighth looked at Chen Erniu and spoke again.

"She cursed you, saying that you are a heartless man. She wants to eat your flesh, drink your blood, suck your soul, and dig out your marrow."

"Also, She is eagerly waiting for you."

The captain's expression changed a little. He was a little frightened but he instinctively suppressed it and coughed.

"How is that possible? We're good friends."

When Old Eighth saw that he wasn't interrupted by his eldest brother and third sister this time, he became excited. He sneered and continued to attack.



"My authority lies in emotions and desires, so I can sense the High God Flame Moon inside the door through the aura of this place. The extreme hatred and endless madness towards you in Her thoughts, hmm, such intense fluctuations."

Old Eighth carefully sensed it and revealed a look of admiration.

"Erniu, it's not easy to make a god's emotions fluctuate so much that it is almost close to the human nature."

After Old Eighth finished speaking, he was annoyed when he saw that Erniu still wanted to argue. He hated it the most when others didn't believe him, so he glared.

"If you don't believe me, hurry up and walk to the door. See if the knocking will be more intense."

The captain's heart churned a little. However, when he thought of his boasting earlier, he braced himself and tried to take a few steps forward. However, the instant he took a few steps forward, the knocking on the black wooden door instantly became violent.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

It was even more hurried and violent than before. The black wooden door trembled intensely, as though it could collapse and explode from the inside at any moment.

At this moment, even Ning Yan and the others, who didn't have the authority over emotions, could sense anger from this intense sound. They all took a deep breath and retreated by more than 100 feet.

Old Eighth sneered.

Seeing this, the captain let out a long sigh.

"Little Yueyue, do you still hate me?"

As soon as the captain spoke, the knocking on the black wooden door stopped and it became quiet.

The hidden meaning in the captain's words caused Xu Qing's eyes to narrow.

Wu Jianwu and Ning Yan were also shocked.

Nether Fairy frowned and looked at the black wooden door. She hoped to see Chen Erniu die, but the door remained calm.

The captain's expression was desolate as he walked toward the black wooden door step by step. When he arrived in front of the wooden door, his eyes were filled with reminiscence as he sighed and spoke softly.

"Little Yueyue, wait a little longer. It'll be over soon…"

"Actually, I lied to those friends of mine and Little Qing just now. Oh right, you don't know who Little Qing is. He's my junior brother in this life. When you come out later, I'll introduce him to you."

"Sigh, I told them that we were good friends."

 "But in reality… how can our relationship be described as good friends…"

The captain's eyes were filled with emotions as his muttering echoed in the void. It followed the path formed by the green hair and was transmitted to the outside of the faith ring, landing in the ears of Xu Qing and the others.

Originally, they wouldn't believe him. However, as Erniu spoke, the knockings actually stopped. It was as though She was really responding.

This scene caused Ning Yan, Wu Jianwu, and Li Youfei to instinctively believe him.

As for Nether Fairy, she frowned.

Xu Qing fell silent and looked at his eldest senior brother's hands. When he observed them carefully, Erniu sighed and turned his head to look at everyone.

"Let me reintroduce you. The person beyond the door is my ex-wife."

This sentence was like a clap of thunder.

Ning Yan cried out in horror. Wu Jianwu's eyes widened to the extreme and his mind rumbled. Li Youfei was completely dumbfounded and Nether Fairy's heart trembled.

"Ex-wife?"

"God?"

"What… what's going on!"

Xu Qing was different from them. He stared at his eldest senior brother's right hand and fell into deep thought.

As for the heir and the others, their reactions were a little different. Old Eighth was suspicious, Fifth Sister narrowed her eyes, Princess Mingmei fell silent, and the heir suddenly spoke.

"What's that in your right hand?"

Seeing their performance, the captain was overjoyed. However, he maintained his emotions on the surface and sighed.

"I've embarrassed myself in front of everyone. Back then, when Little Yueyue wanted to become a god, her ideals didn't match mine. In the end, we could only part ways. She would be the god in heaven and I would be a human on earth."

"However, I still love her. Hence, I reincarnated time and time again, willing to become her anchor."

"I became the anchor of her humanity so that she won't get lost in divinity."

The captain's tone was sad as he spread out his right hand.

There was nothing inside.

The atmosphere fell silent. Ning Yan and the others were shocked by this story. However, it sounded a little familiar.

Xu Qing peeped at the captain. He had already guessed the origin of this plot.

Princess Mingmei looked at the black door and then at Erniu as she calmly spoke.

"If we hadn't come, this would have been the script you planned for my father, right?"

Old Eighth couldn't help but say.

"I recall that the High God Flame Moon was born as a god, and didn't ascend to godhood after birth. Does She need an anchor?"

The captain blinked and was about to continue when the knocking sounds from the black wooden door erupted again. This time, it was countless times stronger than before and cracks appeared on the door.

In fact, many places even bulged under the rumbling, revealing the palm prints of seven fingers.

Amidst the knocking sounds, there were additional panting sounds that were filled with greed and desire. There were also faint roars echoing inside.

Xu Qing's expression froze. The heir and the others also had solemn expressions. As for the captain, he was clearly extremely flustered but he tried his best to look calm.

He even tapped on the wooden door.

"Little Yueyue, it's not time yet. I can't open the door for you yet. Don't be anxious. Why is your temper still the same as before?"

"I came this time to wake you up, to remind you not to keep sleeping, and then to remind you to activate the means you've prepared over the years one by one."

"You have to complete everything we agreed upon within a year because, at most, within a year, I will let you see the sleeping Crimson Goddess."

"This is the promise I made to you back then. I will definitely fulfill it."

"Lastly, you have to give me another token that can allow you to ignore the pressure of the Crimson Goddess and directly descend in front of Her."

With that, the captain lifted his hand and directly dug out his eye, ruthlessly pressing it against the wooden door. Very soon, the eyeball caved in and slowly disappeared to the back of the door.

"Put the token in my eye…"

Before the captain could finish speaking, the sound of chewing echoed…

Xu Qing fell silent. Ning Yan and the others also had strange expressions. The heir peeped at Erniu and Old Eighth couldn't help but speak.

"She ate it."

The captain coughed.

"This is love."

As he spoke, his body swayed and a large number of eyes grew out. One after another, they flew out and fused into the door. The chewing sound continued until a hundred was eaten. The captain finally got furious.

"It's enough already. At worst, I'll look for another high god!"

The black wooden door was slammed fiercely from the inside, as though it was responding to the captain's words. This sound was so loud that the path of green hair began to shatter. Even the ring of faith of all living beings in the outside world became blurry.

It was as though it couldn't hold on anymore and began to dim.

It also affected the outside world, causing this dilapidated world to collapse even more.

Xu Qing's gaze froze. He took a few steps forward and arrived in front of the ring, preparing to receive the captain.

Fortunately, after this venting attack, there was no other sound from the black wooden door. An eyeball of the captain also appeared from the wooden door and gawked fixedly at the captain.

One could glimpse a strand of gray hair inside the eyeball. It was like a nematode swimming inside.

It emitted a terrifying aura. Compared to this, the green hair was clearly inferior.

The captain narrowed his eyes, and a blue glint appeared in them. After he gently grabbed it, his body rapidly retreated.

However, the instant he retreated, a large number of palm prints that protruded from the black wooden door squirmed and formed a sinister face. It suddenly opened its mouth and charged toward the captain.

The captain was faster. His entire body flickered with blue light as he headed straight for the exit.

The path of green hair under his feet continued to collapse and the halo of power of faith grew dimmer. Seeing this, Xu Qing waved his hand, grabbed the air, and eventually caught the captain's shoulder with a strong pull.

At the same time, the large mouth behind the captain also closed.

With a crunch, it bit the captain's waist.

As blood gushed out, the path of green hair completely collapsed. As for the ring formed by the power of faith, it completely dissipated at this moment. After blocking everything, Xu Qing gazed at the captain who only had half of his body left.

"Eldest Senior Brother, do you feel better now?" Xu Qing sighed.

The captain laughed loudly.

"Exactly, doing something big is not just about doing it half-heartedly, that's not considered a big deal at all."

"I've embarrassed myself in front of everyone. This is a farewell ceremony between me and my ex-wife."

The captain didn't care that he had lost half of his body. After he voiced proudly, he waved his right hand and took out the eyeball he had retrieved. With a squeeze, the gray hair in the eyeball instantly crawled out, breaking through the void and heading straight for the outside world.

In the blink of an eye, it appeared above the sinkhole formed by the green sand desert. It expanded infinitely and finally spread throughout the entire desert before dissipating.

It turned into gray sand that scattered toward the sinkhole, quickly filling up the desert again.

During this process, the desert turned gray and gray wind howled…

Legend had it that there were four types of wind in the green sand desert.

Other than green, white, and black, there was another type as well.

Legend had it that it had only appeared when the green sand desert was born. Today, it appeared for the second time.































































The gray wind blew in the gray desert. Perhaps from this day onwards, the name of the green sand desert would also change.

This was because the sand on the ground was all gray, and combined with the raging wind, it formed a storm.

This storm contained divine might. Its aura was astonishing and it gave a premonition of persisting for eternity.

Even the sky changed here. There was no light from the Red Moon in the sky, as though this desert had been isolated from the Moon Worship Region.

All outsiders in this area would have a slim chance of survival.

Even the high priest of the Red Moon Shrine couldn't continue deeper and could only flee in a sorry state. Many of the divine envoys following him died in the sudden gray storm.

After escaping the desert, they stared at the storm in the desert in silence.

"This place is already isolated from the outside world."

"This gray storm will also exist forever, stopping everyone who steps in."

"The people inside can go out, but if the people outside want to enter, they have to face the suppression of this storm."

In the end, the Red Moon Shrine could only choose to leave, marking this place as a forbidden zone.

As for the living beings in this gray storm, everything was normal. Only their hearts were trembling intensely.

At the same time, Xu Qing and the others also left the ruler's area and appeared in the gray sandstorm.

Different from the past when they crushed the teleportation jade slip and went their separate ways, this time, Xu Qing and Chen Erniu didn't need to teleport. This gray storm became their defense.

It could even be said that the captain's final transaction with the black wooden door caused this desert to become the safest place in the entire Moon Worship Region.



Hence, the group smoothly returned to the small apothecary in Earth City.

Everything was normal in the apothecary. Ancestor Mogui guarded the apothecary very well during this period of time.

Previously, after everyone left, he still had some struggles in his heart until the scene appeared in his mind…

Outsiders couldn't recognize the characters on the screen but he could tell who these people were at a glance, and he recognized Xu Qing. Hence, after a while of silence, he chose to obediently guard this place.

This lasted until the drastic change in the green sand outside, the formation of the sinkhole, and the arrival of the gray storm.

All of this made him extremely determined in his thoughts. He had to stay here. He must stay here.

With such determination, he also took good care of the chicks in the backyard. He fattened a few of them, including his disciple.

Now that he saw Xu Qing, the heir, and the others appearing on the streets, Ancestor Mogui was in high spirits. He quickly stepped forward respectfully.

Just like that, everyone returned.

The next day, the apothecary reopened for business. Ling'er's face was also red as she continued to record the accounts. From time to time, she would look at the place where Xu Qing was in the back room. She felt very happy.

Her cultivation was different from before. She had completely refined the luck of the Ancient Spirit Emperor.

All of this was because of the good fortune in the blood cocoon.

At that time, Xu Qing wasn't the only one who obtained good fortune. Ling'er also benefited from the enhancement of the heir and the others.

Ning Yan and Li Youfei continued to wipe the ground. The captain continued his guard job while staring at Nether Fairy who was back to boiling water.

Nether Fairy didn't return the toy. She would often slap the human-skinned lantern while boiling water, berating the other party to blow on it to make the flames burn hotter.

Wu Jianwu was still reciting poetry.

He had missed Ancestor Mogui very much.

"This lord goes out and time changes; when I look back, it's as if it was yesterday."

Ancestor Mogui turned a deaf ear.

As for the heir and the others, there was not much difference from the past. Fifth Grandma was in the backyard, watching over the chicks, while Eighth Grandpa patted the captain's shoulder and probed for information.

 However, Xu Qing noticed that as the captain dodged the topic a few times, Eighth Grandpa, in his self-satisfaction, tended to reveal a lot on his own before anything was coaxed out.

Every time this happened, Princess Mingmei would shake her head.

Xu Qing's cultivation began again.

"Xu Qing, although all your nascent souls have entered the fourth level, you haven't unearthed some of their true abilities."

"So, first of all, you can't take off the sun on your waist or the hat on your head."

On the third day after they returned to the apothecary, the heir called Xu Qing over. As he drank his tea, he spoke earnestly like a teacher.

"The outside world should be in complete chaos during this period of time. The strangeness of this desert makes this place relatively peaceful."

"Therefore, you have to take advantage of this time to temper yourself as soon as possible."

Xu Qing nodded when he heard that. After he returned, he also made a trip to the Moon Rebel Hall and discovered that there were much fewer statues there than before. Nervous atmosphere filled the place.

In fact, their discussions were all about the scenes in their minds from a few days ago, and it seemed like a storm was about to erupt.

Hence, the demand for medicine also became greater than before.

Compared to the outside world, the desert isolated by the gray storm was indeed a peaceful place, let alone the fact that there were four Soul Accumulation cultivators here.

Xu Qing quickly retracted his thoughts. He looked at the heir in front of him and Princess Mingmei at the side and bowed respectfully.

"Seniors, please guide me."

The heir was very satisfied with Xu Qing's attitude.

"The first thing you have to do is study your Heavenly Dao. I don't know how you obtained it, but I think it was plundered by you in your early years."

"In our era, although such a thing occasionally happens, your Heavenly Dao isn't simple. Its level is extremely high!"

"What I want to remind you today is that you've neglected it too much."

The heir's expression was a little solemn. In order to prevent himself from feeling exhausted again, he thought about every sentence inwardly before saying it.

"If you don't pay attention to a Heavenly Dao of this level, it might very well leave you!"

"Although you haven't reached the level of the Spirit Repository, since you had the opportunity to plunder the Heavenly Dao of this level, in theory, you can grasp some Heavenly Dao laws now."

The heir looked at Xu Qing and spoke solemnly.

"However, up until now, this point isn't obvious on you."

"You have to unearth it well and comprehend your Heavenly Dao to sense the laws contained in it. You have to treat it well and reform it, making it willing to accompany you."

"Besides, although the Heavenly Dao encompasses all laws and rules, in reality, there is still an emphasis. You need to carefully savor and experience it all."

Xu Qing was startled.

He instinctively checked his Heavenly Dao.

In his sea of consciousness, the mosasaur also looked at Xu Qing. Xu Qing didn't know if it was an illusion but he felt that it seemed to be trying to curry favor.

Xu Qing fell into deep thought. Could it be that his research on the Heavenly Dao was really lacking?

At the thought of this, he felt that it made sense. He seemed to have never studied it before.

However, Xu Qing felt that there was actually a reason for this: the Heavenly Dao was something he had comprehended and integrated into his life-bound mosasaur.

It wasn't plundered.

The most important thing was that his own status was higher than the other party.

Back then, the mosasaur was recognized as a descendant by the Immemorial Heavenly Dao of the ten-guts tree, so relation-wise… he could be considered the other party's grandfather.

Therefore, there was no need for him to study it too much to gain insights.

He also didn't have to worry that the other party would leave.

As for whether to treat it well or not, that would depend on its performance.

Due to this, Xu Qing lifted his head and looked at the heir, speaking softly.

"Senior, I can roughly sense what my Heavenly Dao emphasizes among the laws it contains."

"Oh?" The heir looked at Xu Qing. Princess Mingmei also looked over.

If it was in the past, when they heard the person they were teaching speak so carelessly, the two of them would look at the person with a scrutinizing gaze. However, it was different now.

The heir's heart grew heavy, and Princess Mingmei also became more alert.

"Senior, my Heavenly Dao was formed when I comprehended the tribulation faced when slashing the Dao. Therefore, the emphasized laws in it should be related to killing and the lightning tribulation. That's also the reason why I chose to transform it into the heavenly blade."

As he spoke, Xu Qing waved his hand. Immediately, an illusory little mosasaur flew out of Xu Qing's head. As it swam in the surroundings, waves of ripples spread out.

The heir nodded when he heard this. His expression was unperturbed as he calmly spoke.

"Mm, as expected, it's just as I thought. You relied on opportunities to plunder the world to comprehend it."

Not far away, Old Eighth raised his brows and was about to speak up. However, Princess Mingmei turned her head and glanced at him.

Old Eighth shuddered and refrained from speaking.

Although the heir said this, he was actually surprised inwardly. He rarely misjudged, especially with his Soul Accumulation cultivation and experience.

He had observed Xu Qing's Heavenly Dao for a long time.

On that Heavenly Dao, what he saw was a deeper level of recognition and independence. This was different from what Xu Qing uttered about comprehending it.

A comprehended Heavenly Dao was illusory and its level wasn't high enough. It needed to be continuously nurtured through cultivation to allow it to grow gradually.

If we metaphorically likened the Heavenly Dao to a community, then that particular group of beings was actually the most ordinary existence. They needed to continue growing steadily to become aristocrats.

However, there was a limit to this growth because no matter how much they developed, it was challenging for them to transform into the Immemorial Heavenly Dao. The latter was akin to the imperial family.

Xu Qing's Heavenly Dao was different. There was a deeper recognition on it and in the heir's senses, it involved the Immemorial Heavenly Dao.

This was unbelievable. When the heir discovered it earlier, he was also shocked. In his opinion, Xu Qing must have used some method to attract it and lure it to his side.

Princess Mingmei fell silent. She gazed at Xu Qing and then glanced at Xu Qing's Heavenly Dao before suddenly speaking.

"Xu Qing, has your Heavenly Dao experienced something major?"

Xu Qing was about to speak when the captain at the door smiled proudly.

"Of course. Back then, I brought Little Qing to do something big."

"What thing?" Old Eighth asked curiously.

"It's nothing much. I merely acknowledged a father for this little mosasaur, making it our grandson, and Little Qing and I gained a son too."

"Sigh, I haven't seen my son in a long time. I miss him quite a lot."

As the captain spoke, he lifted his head and looked at the sky.

At this moment, a rumbling sound rang out from the sky, as though it was responding.

The successor stood up abruptly, Princess Mingmei's expression changed, and Fifth Sister was too moved.

Old Eighth gasped. He glanced at Chen Erniu before looking at Xu Qing and pointing at the sky.

"Your son?"

Xu Qing hesitated and spoke softly.

"After awakening, He should be one of the Immemorial Heavenly Daos."

The successor silently sat down and picked up the teacup, feeling tired again.

Princess Mingmei and Fifth Sister fell silent respectively. Old Eighth was dumbfounded.

Ning Yan, who was wiping the ground, felt a sharp pain in his heart at this moment. Endless regret rose in his heart.

'That year… I too had the chance to become the father of the Heavenly Dao.'































































There was no turning back in life.

So, no matter how much Ning Yan sighed inwardly, a missed opportunity was a missed opportunity.

Xu Qing saw his regret, but couldn't say anything. As for the captain, he was smug. Back then, on account that Ning Yan was his and Xu Qing's future weapon, he had reminded him.

However, since the other party didn't believe him and didn't cut his intestine, it had nothing to do with him.

At that moment, the apothecary was silent.

A long time later, the heir put down his teacup and smiled. He looked at Xu Qing and nodded slightly.

"Not bad."

Xu Qing hesitated. He could tell that the heir's smile was a little forced. He knew that his Heavenly Dao's identity should have surprised the other party. Just as he was about to say something, the heir quickly changed the topic.

"The Heavenly Dao is your family matter. Just comprehend it well. Let's not talk about this. Let's talk about your Ghost Emperor Mountain."

"This mountain…" The heir's gaze landed on Xu Qing. Just as he was about to speak, Princess Mingmei picked up her teacup.

This action caused the heir to pause. After some thought, he spoke in a hoarse voice.

"Since you can move the Soul Accumulation body to your sea of consciousness to form your nascent soul, you must have your own plans. In that case, you can strengthen this mountain according to your own thoughts."

"The reason I called you is about your Heavenly demon body!"

"Heavenly demon body?" Xu Qing's gaze froze. With a wave of his hand, a hundred illusory figures appeared outside his body. Every one of them emitted waves of cold aura, like souls but not souls.



Their bodies were blurry, giving off a hazy feeling. However, their baleful aura was extremely strong. After they appeared, the entire apothecary instantly turned cold.

Fifth Sister observed carefully. After Old Eighth swept his gaze over, he let out a soft cry of surprise.

"What divine art is this? Refining life into souls, blending the sense of the underworld, containing the intent of the nine abysses, mysterious and bizarre, beyond the grasp of ordinary people!"

Princess Mingmei fell into deep thought.

The heir secretly perked up. Regarding Xu Qing's terrifying comprehension abilities and bizarre nascent souls, he decided not to try to guide them. However, he felt that he still had the right to speak about divine powers and spells. Hence, he calmly spoke.

"The Nascent Soul cultivation art your master imparted to you, coupled with your heavenly mandate absorption art, is not bad."

"However, you haven't studied this technique either. In reality, there are better ways to use these heavenly demon bodies of yours."

Xu Qing's expression changed. He looked at his heavenly devil bodies and fell silent as he recalled the words his master had said when he imparted the cultivation art to him back then.

He remembered that his master's explanation for the heavenly demon body was to use them to withstand the life tribulation in his place.

However, the development of the situation deviated a bit. The life tribulations that Xu Qing experienced after meeting the heir were increasingly terrifying, and the significance of the heavenly demons resisting the tribulation seemed insignificant.

"Senior, please guide me." Xu Qing bowed respectfully.

Seeing that the matter was back in his control, the heir finally felt a little more comfortable. However, after considering that there might still be accidents, he instinctively looked at his third sister.

Princess Mingmei suddenly spoke.

"Xu Qing, I can tell that these heavenly demon bodies of yours contain the intent of the Xinan's cruel order. Your master isn't simple. When he created this divine power for you, he must have referenced Xinan's cruel order."

"The meaning of this body is to take your place in facing the tribulation."

"But have you ever thought of using your morning glow to cover their bodies and disguise these heavenly demons as souls to look like you?"

"This way, when you fight with someone and you bring out the heavenly demons, the enemy will feel like countless you appeared with no way to tell if they're real or fake. At that time, you can attack, retreat, or defend. You will have endless possibilities."

When the heir heard this, he laughed and nodded.

"I think so too. If you can manifest your real body into one of them, your combat strength will definitely increase explosively and it will be extremely difficult to deal with."

As the two spoke, the captain's expression changed slightly. Ning Yan and Wu Jianwu were even more surprised. Just thinking that if they were to engage in a fight with someone, and suddenly a hundred identical figures appeared on the other side, it was indeed extremely strange.

Xu Qing's eyes lit up. He hadn't thought of this before. Now that he heard it, admiration rose in his heart.

 However, compared to the changes in his spell, he was more looking forward to the changes in his nascent souls. Hence, he looked at the heir and Princess Mingmei and waited for their next guidance.

"Senior, there's another special one among my nascent souls. There's a finger of a god inside. It's a cage called D132."

"Do not bite off more than you can chew."

The heir's gaze revealed sternness.

"Go back first and improve your heavenly demon body. Don't be anxious. You have to think about it carefully."

Xu Qing nodded. He knew that he was anxious. Hence, he bowed and walked back to the back room. He then sat down cross-legged and began his research.

Just like that, time flowed by.

It had been six days since Xu Qing and the others left the Land of God Slaying.

During these six days, the gray storm in the desert continued to howl, blotting out the sky and enveloping the surroundings.

Outside the desert, many areas of the Moon Worship Region also had extremely violent storms rumbling. However, this storm wasn't corporeal. It was erupting in the hearts of all living beings.

The scene of Ruler Li Zihua killing the Crimson Goddess was the source of this storm. After continuously churning in the minds of the living beings, it thoroughly ignited the spirit of resistance.

The countdown to their deaths was less than a year. If they didn't resist, they would become food.

Although they would die even if they resisted, at least in this muddle-headed life, they would go out brilliantly.

At the very least, they could say that they had truly lived!

Gods weren't eternal and only hope lasted forever. Since that was the case… then they would struggle, go crazy, and resist, leaving behind a different color in their last moments.

At least, this was hope!

A storm rose in the minds of all living beings. All the races, sects, and cities let out shouts and took action.

At the same time, the Rebellion Army formed by the Moon Rebel Hall's cultivators in various places also welcomed a huge surge of members. Countless originally numb cultivators joined.

A large number of races and sects looked at the Red Moon Shrine with crazed gazes of hatred and raised the blade in their hearts!

The five deputy hall masters of the Moon Rebel Hall chose to walk out from behind the scenes. For the first time in their lives, they revealed their identities and called for all living beings to resist.

Among these five, some were the patriarchs of large clans, some were sect supreme elders, and some were cultivators who had once made a name for themselves in the entire region before disappearing.

Their cultivation levels were all at the peak of the fourth stage of Nihility.

Their identities, cultivation levels, and courage transformed into five huge vortexes that attracted cultivators from all directions.

They formed five major war zones!

The Red Moon Shrine was enraged and a suppression began.

However, the strange thing was that… the high priest of the Red Moon Shrine didn't personally take action. He seemed to have some reservations and chose to guard the headquarters.

Even so, there were many forces in the Red Moon Shrine and the suppression continued.

The flames of war erupted in various places in the entire Moon Worship Region.

Only the desert became a peaceful land.

Xu Qing was still studying his heavenly demon body. Under the envelopment of the morning glow, he could transform those heavenly demon bodies into the same appearance as him.

However, it was very difficult for him to transform into them. Their essence was different, causing there to be obstacles in the transformation. Hence, Xu Qing's focus was on concealment.

Using the concealment technique, he could indirectly achieve the goal of catching the enemy off guard.

As for the war in the outside world, Xu Qing paid attention to it through the Moon Rebel Hall. He had a strong feeling that this war wasn't far from him.

This was because he discovered that Eighth Grandpa and Fifth Grandma had disappeared.

It was unknown where they went.

Xu Qing fell into deep thought. In the following days, he noticed his eldest senior brother's abnormality.

Eldest Senior Brother was clearly more attentive to the heir and Princess Mingmei than before, especially to the heir.

He was actually boiling water himself. Other than making tea for the heir, he even volunteered to massage the heir's shoulders and legs, looking extremely filial.

Xu Qing immediately determined that Eldest Senior Brother must have something to ask of the heir.

The answer was obtained five days later.

On this day, Xu Qing was studying the heavenly demon body when the heir's voice rang out from the main hall.

"Xu Qing, come over."

Xu Qing opened his eyes and glanced at the main hall. He noticed that the captain was fanning the heir and his expression was clearly filled with excitement.

Xu Qing thought about it and walked out. When he met the captain's gaze, the captain chuckled and fanned even harder.

"Senior."

Xu Qing strode closer and greeted.

"I originally wanted to give you something after some time, but Erniu is a little anxious, so I'll give it to you in advance."

The heir calmly waved his hand and took out a mirror fragment.

This item was none other than the Heavenly Eye fragment that had communicated with the Moon Rebel Hall and reflected everything in the minds of all living beings.

Looking at the mirror, the captain's eyes revealed desire. He possessed been solicitous during this period of time for this mirror.

Xu Qing also swept his gaze over and knew that this item was extraordinary.

"The predecessor of the Moon Rebel Hall was my father's supreme treasure, the Heavenly Eye. However, it shattered in the battle with the Crimson Goddess. This piece is one of the largest fragments of the Heavenly Eye."

The heir touched the mirror and spoke hoarsely.

"Using this to enter the Moon Rebel Hall is different from using other mirrors."

"This mirror fragment can activate the Moon Rebel Hall's master recognition trial."

"If you succeed in the trial, you can become the master of the Moon Rebel Hall. If you fail, there's a certain chance of you becoming a deputy hall master. The five deputy hall masters of the Moon Rebel Hall all appeared in such a way."

"However, the trial can only be activated once. After the two of you enter this time, this mirror will lose its quota for the trial. Only when the Moon Rebel Hall recovers after a period of dormancy will the quota be available again."

As he spoke, the heir placed the mirror on the table.

"The two of you can step in together and see who has this fortune."

The heir stood up and walked out of the apothecary. He possessed many things to arrange and prepare for the upcoming battle.

Seeing that the heir possessed left, the captain was overjoyed. He lifted up the mirror with a fanatical expression.

"Little Qing, I've finally obtained this opportunity. Haha, I can guess that you're Pill Nine, right? It's fine. Although there's a high chance that you're Pill Nine, this time… I'll be the master of the Moon Rebel Hall!"

"I've been preparing for this for a long time."

"Little Qing, after we enter, you can just play casually. You don't have to feel pressured or care about me. No matter what I've become, just pretend you didn't see it."

"I have a plan!"

The captain gazed at Xu Qing, his eyes shining.































































Seeing that the captain was so excited, Xu Qing smiled.

He didn't care about being the master of the Moon Rebel Hall. After all, Eldest Senior Brother had prepared for this for a long time. If he really became the master of the Moon Rebel Hall, Xu Qing wouldn't be too surprised.

"Then I'll congratulate Eldest Senior Brother in advance."

Xu Qing smiled and spoke.

The captain laughed.

"What's mine is yours. Junior Brother, let's go!"

As he spoke, the mirror suddenly emitted a colorful light that enveloped the two of them. Booming sounds echoed as Xu Qing and the captain's figures disappeared without a trace.

The Moon Rebel Hall was filled with desolation.

The mountain was as majestic as ever, but the temples on it were mostly dim.

The vast scene of thousands of statues moving around, which was once present, was now difficult to see with the emergence of war.

Many of the Moon Rebel Hall cultivators were focusing most of their energy on leading the rebel army against the Red Moon Shrine in the ongoing war. Consequently, their available time for other activities naturally diminished.

Hence, at that moment, only a small number of Moon Rebel Hall cultivators who had temporarily come to communicate and trade with others were present.

There were less than a few hundred of them.

They were in a hurry and left immediately after completing what they needed. There was no time to waste. However, at this moment… a sudden change occurred.

In the sky, above the nine huge temples, the astonishing temple that stood at the highest point of the Moon Rebel Hall suddenly shone with resplendent light.



There was also a deafening huge boom echoing.

The appearance of this light and sound spread throughout the entire mountain of the Moon Rebel Hall. In an instant, the mountain rumbled and the temples swayed.

All the cultivators here were shocked and instinctively lifted their heads.

After seeing the source of everything, horror suddenly erupted.

"Supreme Hall!"

"What's going on? The supreme hall that represents the master of the Moon Rebel Hall is no longer dim. It's actually shining."

An uproar instantly broke out. This scene was too shocking for the Moon Rebel Hall cultivators.

That was the supreme hall!

It was the supreme temple that represented the master of the Moon Rebel Hall!

For countless years, there had never been a true supreme lord in the Moon Rebel Hall. It was always managed by the deputy hall masters. Hence, the meaning of this scene was naturally extremely great.

However, although the fluctuations in the minds of some of the old people weren't small, they hadn't reached an earth-shattering level. This was because although such a scene rarely appeared, they had witnessed it and had some understanding of it.

"Another big shot has activated the Hall Master's trial."

"I've seen such a situation twice. It's a pity that the door of the supreme temple didn't open. It will dim again after a period of time."

"I also saw it once. In the end, the fifth deputy hall master walked out of the temple."

These old men sighed with emotion. With their discussions, the new Moon Rebel Hall cultivators also understood.

However, the anticipation was still intense. Although they didn't think that a supreme lord would really appear, there was a high chance that a deputy hall master would appear which was also a huge matter for the current Moon Rebel Hall.

After all, they were fighting against the Red Moon Shrine currently, so the appearance of a new deputy hall master would increase their morale greatly.

At that moment, many figures quickly returned to the Moon Rebel Hall from the outside world. Many statues walked out of the temple and looked at the sky. Discussions and uproars rose and fell.

Even the few temples of the deputy hall masters in the sky shone.

Two of the five deputy hall masters appeared and looked at the highest temple.

 The space beyond the sky of the Moon Rebel Hall where others couldn't enter was a scene of void.

This void was like fog that filled an endless range and churned densely. At the end of the void was a lake.

To be precise, it was a huge mirror that was covered in a layer of water.

The lake water was crystal clear like the mirror.

It was pure and holy.

A tall figure floated above the mirror lake.

It was an old man, dressed in a white robe, with his hands crossed within the sleeves on both sides. His head was lowered, gazing at the surface of the lake without moving.

Only the sleeves of his clothes and his white hair fluttered with the wind.

At that moment, there were ripples on the surface of the water he was looking at. Gradually, a blurry shadow was forming underwater.

It seemed to be separated from the void where the old man was by the mirror. This body that was forming seemed to be on the other end of the mirror.

After an unknown period of time, the figure underwater became clearer. It was Xu Qing.

Xu Qing's expression was solemn and there were even waves in his heart. He lowered his head and looked at his feet.

In his impression, after he and Eldest Senior Brother were enveloped by the light from the mirror fragment, everything became blank.

At the next moment, when everything returned to normal, he appeared in the mirror lake. There was nothing in the surroundings except for the mirror under his feet…

That place seemed to contain another world, reflecting the figure of the old man in the white robe.

Both sides stared at each other through the mirror lake.

What reflected in Xu Qing's eyes was a pair of indifferent eyes that contained coldness.

Xu Qing was vigilant. He had already probed the surroundings but didn't see his eldest senior brother.

"The one who came with you is currently in another mirror, considering how to conduct the trial."

A calm voice rang out from the mirror lake under Xu Qing's feet, echoing in the void, stirring up countless echoes.

"All cultivators who enter this place, regardless of their cultivation, are qualified to participate in the trial."

"If you succeed in the trial, you'll be the master of the Heavenly Eye and also my master. If you fail, you'll have a secondary contract with limited authority."

"Then, will you undergo the trial?"

His voice didn't contain any emotions as it coldly entered Xu Qing's ears.

Xu Qing pondered for a moment and didn't immediately decide. Instead, he asked.

"What kind of trial is it?"

"Make a grand aspiration," the old man in the white robe under the water surface said lightly.

"By the power of the grand aspiration, establish a contract, and then demonstrate the qualifications to fulfill it. Once you pass, you must complete the grand aspiration within the stipulated time."

"The authority of the Heavenly Eye obtained after passing depends on the size of your vow."

"If the vow is ordinary, even if you pass, you won't become the master of the Heavenly Eye. You will still get a secondary contract."

"Only a grand aspiration possesses great karma."

"However, you can't make reckless vows either."

The white-robed old man waved his hand. Immediately, a loud sound rang out. The surface of the water undulated and dozens of ice sculptures appeared.

These ice sculptures were of men and women and they all emitted powerful auras. However, their life fluctuations were all sealed.

"These are the failures of this era. Either their grand aspirations were too grandiose and exaggerated, deemed false and punished accordingly. Or they were unable to fulfill their vows and have been bound ever since."

Xu Qing's gaze quickly swept over but he didn't see the captain. He heaved a sigh of relief inwardly.

"Then, what is your grand aspiration?" Under the mirror lake, the white-robed old man looked at Xu Qing indifferently.

Xu Qing thought about it. He felt that since the captain had prepared for so long, there was a high chance that there would be no problem. After all, although Eldest Senior Brother was sometimes unreliable, he was still crazy enough when it came to major matters.

Hence, there was actually no need for him to take too much risk and say anything about killing the Crimson Goddess.

He just had to follow his heart.

Xu Qing thought about it and looked at the white-robed old man across the lake.

"I don't have any great aspirations."

"In this Moon Worship Region, what I once wanted to do the most was to refine medicinal pills that could neutralize the curse of all living beings here, especially in the human race."

Xu Qing slowly spoke. This matter was the reason why he came to the Bitter Life Mountain Range back then. He had joined the Moon Rebel Hall to better obtain research information about the curse.

At that moment, as his voice rang out, ripples appeared on the surface of the water. The expression of the white-robed old man changed. If it was any other cultivator who spoke like this, he would have determined that the other party was lying.

However, as the artifact spirit of the Moon Rebel Hall, he saw everything about Xu Qing in the Moon Rebel Hall, including the curse subduing pill.

Everything the other party did seemed to be walking on this path of grand aspiration.

A while later, the white-robed old man waved his hand. Immediately, the water in front of Xu Qing churned and a huge pill furnace appeared, rising.

"In this place, everything can be created from nothing and transform into all things. Although it's all fake, as lengthy as you manifest it, I can manifest it."

"You can refine here and begin your trial."

"The flow of time here is also different from the outside world, so you don't have to care about the time."

"You have to refine a pill that will reduce the curse by at least 20% and you will pass the assessment."

With that, the white-robed old man's figure disappeared.

Xu Qing narrowed his eyes and looked at the pill furnace in front of him. He moved closer and observed it as waves of emotions rose in his heart.

This pill furnace peered extremely real and didn't seem illusory.

"It can manifest all things?" Xu Qing abruptly asked.

"I want ten heavenfate flowers!"

As soon as he finished speaking, ripples appeared on the surrounding water surface. Ten drops of lake water rose and floated in front of Xu Qing. These ten drops of water rotated separately and finally formed ten heavenfate flowers.

Regardless of whether it was the aura of the plants or the medicinal power contained in them, they were all incomparably real.

Xu Qing's expression changed. He took one and observed it carefully. After a long time, there was determination in his eyes. He ate it and savored it.

"Everything is very real and so is the medicinal effect. However, this is all a feeling. In reality, it doesn't exist. It's just that I feel that I ate it."

Xu Qing fell into deep thought.

"There's a power here that nearly changes one's cognition, but it's different from the one used by the heir."

"The heir possesses the authority and can release it actively, influencing his surroundings."

"As for this place, it's more like this authority has been stripped off and permeated this place. It's like a tool that can be used by others!"

"Moreover, it seems to be even more domineering."

Xu Qing's expression changed. He peered around and abruptly felt that this place was very good. The difficulties he had encountered when trying to make pills to reduce the curse surfaced in his mind.

"The environment of the Moon Worship Region means that many medicinal herbs are not available here…"

A strange glint appeared in Xu Qing's eyes as he spoke again.

"1,000 hundred-year Earth-Elemental Spirit-Blessed Bamboo."

"Three thousand portions of Heavenly Fog Immortal Cage Grass!"

"Soaring Dragon Wood Lightning Strike Young Leaf, 10,000 pieces!"

"Also, the Cloud Half-Illusion Flower, Nine-Dry Seven Withered Grass, and the thousand-year-old mulberry root…"

These heavenly treasures were rare even in Fenghai County. Xu Qing listed dozens of them in one go. Very soon… a large number of medicinal herbs appeared.

This surprised Xu Qing. Hence, he spoke again and uttered over a hundred types, forming them one by one. Even if there were mistakes in the middle, they would gather again after Xu Qing described their appearance and medicinal properties.

The vegetation that appeared completely met his needs after he continued to adjust it.

Xu Qing's heart fluctuated. He had deeply realized that this place was a dream place for an alchemy master.

Xu Qing instantly waved his hand and grabbed stalks of medicinal herbs that were usually rare. After studying them carefully, he began to refine them according to what he wanted in his mind. It didn't matter if he failed and he could try again.

There were endless medicinal herbs.

This kind of squandering that didn't worry about consumption caused Xu Qing to be extremely happy. He immersed himself and tried out all the refinement methods he thought of one by one.

"I already have an idea about the curse subduing pill. It's not difficult to refine it to reduce the curse by 20%. It's possible to reduce it even more…"

"However, this place has an extremely important use for me, and that is to form poisonous grass!"

Xu Qing's gaze was fiery.

"All the poisonous grass I desire can be formed here."

"Although it's fake, the understanding is real. The instincts of this body will also be formed because of this!"

"I can completely finish the integration of the Poison Restriction into my gaze, which I had to stop due to the lack of poisonous herbs back then."































































While Xu Qing's thoughts were going wild, at another lake within this void, the captain stood dressed in black robes, hands behind his back, gazing upward.

The expression on his face carried a touch of nostalgia, as if he were savoring, recalling, with a hint of the vicissitudes of life, evoked by his emotions.

After a long time, a sigh full of complex emotions escaped from his mouth, echoing in all directions and creating layers of lingering sound, giving people a sense of overflowing emotion.

"The sky and earth, the plants, everything here is so familiar to me…"

The captain mumbled.

However, before he could finish speaking, a cold voice rang out indifferently from the mirror lake under his feet.

"Are you blind? There is no sky and earth here, nor are there plants. Since the moment this place was created by the ruler, it has been nothingness from beginning to end."

The captain blinked, maintaining a calm expression, showing no embarrassment after being exposed. On the contrary, he felt proud in his heart, thinking, 'You little spirit, what do you understand? I'm just reciting an incantation.'

At this moment, after the incantation was completed, he lifted his head and spoke loudly.

"I've already pondered of my great aspiration for the trial!"

The surface of the water under his feet fluctuated. The white-robed old man stared at him and coldly spoke.

"Speak your aspirations."

"My great aspiration is to save all living beings in the Moon Worship Region from the sea of bitterness and lead them to resist the Red Moon. In the end, I will be like the ruler back then, killing the Crimson Goddess and devouring her. The world will know and split the world apart!"



The captain spoke proudly.

The expression of the white-robed old man didn't change at all, as though he was indifferent to this grand aspiration. However, waves of cold air spread out from under his feet. After it spread to the entire lake, it seeped out from under the lake where the captain was, transforming into a cold voice.

"How will you accomplish it?"

"That's simple. I'll become the master of the Moon Rebel Hall first. This is an important step in my series of plans."

"In addition, I have a second aspiration. I want to change the name of this Moon Worship Region to… the Heavenly Bull Region!"

The captain's eyes revealed determination and his voice was impassioned.

The white-robed old man didn't say anything. The cold air became even denser and slowly enveloped the captain from all directions.

Seeing this, the captain was delighted. It was as though he felt that this wasn't exaggerated enough and wasn't violent enough. Moreover, the cold air in the surroundings spread too slowly, so he spoke again.

"I'm not done yet. There's a third great aspiration. In the end, I'll destroy the fragmented-face in the sky and become the new ancient sovereign of this Wanggu Continent, unifying it!"

"At that time, I'll punch the holy lands and step on the glorious sky. All races will bow to me and the heavens will lower for me."

At this point, the captain was so excited that he started laughing loudly.

As he laughed, the cold air in the surroundings instantly soared and headed straight for him. In the blink of an eye, it drowned him and finally… he turned into an ice sculpture.

The captain in the ice sculpture still maintained his laughing posture and looked very arrogant.

The ice sculpture slowly sank and disappeared from the lake, landing in the depths of this void…

Clearly, his great aspirations had been judged to be fake by the artifact spirit of the Moon Rebel Hall, so he was sealed.

On the other side, Xu Qing was in high spirits.

After some thought, he felt that there was nothing wrong with his idea. There was only one thing he wasn't sure about. He wasn't sure if the artifact spirit would notice his actions.

After all, this could be considered as using the assessment to achieve his private wish.

Hence, in order to prevent any accidents, Xu Qing felt that he should refine the curse pill first to be safe and use it as a cover.

In that case, even if he was really discovered, he would have an excuse.

At the thought of this, Xu Qing immediately waved his hand. A large number of medicinal herbs flew over and continued to separate in his hand.

Some were extracting liquids, some were dividing veins, some were catalyzing, and some were grafting together, each with its own uniqueness, coordinating each other.

 As for the basic medicinal pills, they were the curse subduing pills Xu Qing had refined outside.

These medicinal pills could reduce the curse by about 10%. Xu Qing had refined quite a lot when he was free.

At this moment, under his re-refinement, although the added parts made the pills seem both real and illusory, on the surface of this lake mirror, the ingredients within these pills blended perfectly together.

Most importantly, every medicinal herb here was of the ideal quality, making it extremely satisfying for Xu Qing to refine them.

He could just ask for whatever he needed.

As long as he shouted, the plant would appear immediately.

If the age wasn't good, he could increase the age. If the medicinal effects weren't satisfactory, he could change to other better medicinal herbs.

All his theoretical knowledge over the years had erupted in this short span of time. The medicinal herbs he had never seen in his life could be manifested casually here.

After continuous verification, Xu Qing's herb technique also advanced by leaps and bounds.

With a wave of his hand, countless medicinal herbs circled in front of him and their forms kept changing.

Under the catalysis of these herbs, the medicinal pill's ability to reduce the curse gradually increased. It was almost 20%.

All of this caused Xu Qing's spirits to be lifted.

He comprehended that the direction he had studied previously was correct.

To reduce the curse through plants and vegetation, the main principle was actually to fight poison with poison.

On one hand, it was because the medicinal pill itself contained Xu Qing's Purple Moon power. This was the foundation, like the source.

On the other hand, the manifested plants and vegetation were formed from the invasion of the god's fragmented-face. Hence, they possessed special medicinal effects.

Most of these medicinal effects contained a certain degree of anomalous substances.































































Coupled with the Dao of herbs taught by Grandmaster Bai, he could make use of the theory of fighting poison with poison to suppress the Crimson Goddess's curse.

It was easy to say but in reality, this required a large number of experiments and concoctions. If it was outside, it would be extremely difficult for Xu Qing to complete it alone.

The most troublesome part was the materials. There weren't many precious treasures for him to experiment with and find the correct formula.

However, here, it wasn't an issue.

An intense glint appeared in Xu Qing's eyes.

"Vegetation is indeed the key to unlocking the path of the divine."

Xu Qing mumbled. He was aware that this was actually also Illuminate's understanding.

Just like that, time flowed by.

Seven days passed.

Seven days here was only two hours in the outside world.

It would be very difficult for others to know the passing of time here. However, Xu Qing had the sundials in his body. Through the needle of the sundial, he could clearly distinguish the changes in time.

"Two hours outside means seven days here. In other words, one day outside means nearly three months here?"

Xu Qing was a little surprised; this ability was really astonishing. He instinctively felt that it couldn't last endlessly like the white-robed old man had said. There was a high chance that there was an end to it.



"It's unlikely that I will be able to stay here for long… I don't have much time left."

At the thought of this, Xu Qing quietly changed the pill formula. It looked like he had been refining pills but every seven to eight stalks of medicinal herbs he manifested would include a stalk of poisonous plant.

When the quantity reached a certain level, Xu Qing began to refine poison pills.

"Falling Moon Broken Star Leaf, Nine Nether Spirit Centipede Root, Undying Hom Blood…"

Xu Qing didn't reveal his emotions and suppressed the excitement in his heart. He slowly shaped the poisonous grasses in his memory and began to refine the poison pill.

These poisonous pills were all concoctions that he had studied in the Poison Dao for so many years but had been unable to attempt due to lack of materials. At this moment, as he refined them, Xu Qing felt an indescribable sense of relief, thinking that this place was a holy land for alchemists."

His attainments in plants and vegetation also improved through these repeated refinements.

Not only did he materialize those rare poisonous grasses, but there were also many rare treasures. It could be said that he had everything he needed.

He even tried to shape toxic beasts, but it was a pity that they couldn't be formed here.

This made Xu Qing feel some regret.

However, it was still alright. At the very least, there were enough herbs. Hence, as the days passed, the number of poisonous pills Xu Qing refined increased.

Jade Spirit Poison Millet Powder, Absolute Yin Red Pill, Three-Headed Poison Feather Pill, Thousand Night Ghosts Cry, Broken Heart Divine Liquid, Fire Thunder Powder, and Quinine Life Severing Poison.

Half Moon, Seven Breaths Smile, Yang Fire Face, Nine Abysses Bridge.

Xu Qing looked at the colorful medicinal pills of various sizes in front of him and endless waves rose in his heart. He really wished he could take these pills out of here.

"If I have these poison… my combat strength will increase by a great extent."

Xu Qing sighed. He knew that this was unrealistic. Hence, he lifted one and placed it into his mouth, slowly tasting it.

At the next instant, his body trembled as he sensed the eruption of poison.

At that moment, the figure of the white-robed old man appeared in the mirror lake under his feet. He looked at Xu Qing with no transformation in his expression and calmly spoke.

"These are all fake. It's useless for you to swallow them."

Xu Qing opened his eyes and gazed at the white-robed old man. As he let his body remember the feeling brought about by the poison, he spoke hoarsely.

"I encountered a bottleneck in refining the curse subduing pill and need to break through it in other ways. So, even if it's fake, I have to personally try it and sense this fake change, searching for the possibility of breaking through the bottleneck."

The white-robed old man cast a deep glance at Xu Qing before glancing at the colorful medicinal pills in front of Xu Qing.

Xu Qing took a deep breath and picked up another one. Under the other party's gaze, he continued to swallow it and sense it.

 Just like that, half a month passed.

Almost ninety percent of the poisonous plants and poison pills from his memory were brought into existence by Xu Qing. There were even some that he had personally created.

As he continued to devour them, the pupils of his eyes gradually enlarged and finally replaced the whites of his eyes, causing his eyes to be pitch-black.

The white-robed old man had appeared many times in the past few dawns and observed Xu Qing.

He originally didn't understand and didn't know what Xu Qing was doing. This place was clearly fake. In his opinion, it was meaningless to eat so many fake pills.

This lasted until… he noticed Xu Qing's eyes. At that moment, the white-robed old man understood.

"The medicinal pills and plants are fake but the feeling in the body is real. This kid… is memorizing the feeling after swallowing these pills!"

"He's using his memories to invisibly plunder the source power here!"

The white-robed old man's expression was no longer indifferent. Instead, for the first time, there were some fluctuations in his emotions. There was shock and anger.

"The trial will end in two hours. If you can't complete it by then, you will be sealed!"

A black glint flashed in Xu Qing's eyes. He was only a small step away from completion.

Hence, after nodding slightly, he closed his sight and performed a series of hand seals with both hands. Immediately, poisonous grass emerged again.

There were thousands of them.

After manifesting them, Xu Qing didn't even refine them. He opened his mouth and swallowed these medicinal herbs. There were also some that he crushed with a punch, turning them into mist that enveloped his entire body.

As sizzling sounds echoed, Xu Qing, who was enveloped by the mist, let out a deep shout. The power of the Poison Restriction erupted from within him.

This scene caused the white-robed old man's expression to change. In his judgment, this cultivator in front of him had already shown an unstable change. Hence, with a wave of his hand, cold air spread out from under his feet. After it seeped into the lake, it emerged around Xu Qing.































































The cold air grew denser and denser, containing the power to freeze everything. It spread toward Xu Qing from everywhere.

Cracking sounds rang out from the lake on the ground as it froze. This cold air was about to touch Xu Qing.

At that moment, the poison mist outside Xu Qing's body suddenly churned and rolled back into him.

It was as though Xu Qing, who was in the mist, had become a black hole that absorbed all the poison mist in the blink of an eye.

As the poison mist disappeared, Xu Qing's figure was clearly revealed. At this moment, his eyes suddenly opened!

His pitch-black eyes were like an abyss. When one met his gaze, it was as though they were staring at an abyss or being stared at by an abyss.

His gaze was extremely deep, as though it hid the eternal night. It was enough to cause huge fluctuations in the hearts of onlookers.

The most astonishing thing was that this gaze… contained anomalous substances!

This anomalous substance was special and could instantly taint the body and soul of those who met the gaze with the Poison Restriction.

It was the Poison Restriction Eye!

The white-robed old man's body trembled, and the mirror surface of the lake where he was located also turned black in an instant, with tendrils of ink-like substance surging into it.

"Such guts!"



The white-robed old man let out a deep shout. The lake churned and the mirror shone. Cold air surged into the sky, on the verge of erupting.

At that moment, Xu Qing retracted his gaze and ignored the cold air gushing over from the surroundings. He then lowered his head and looked at his raised right hand.

There was a pill there.

Under his gaze, as the power of his Poison Restriction blasted in, the essence of the pill rapidly changed. The medicinal effect of the pill that reduced the curse also rapidly rose.

Xu Qing's Poison Restriction not only contained the divine curse but also all the poison he had swallowed earlier. At this moment, all of them gathered in his gaze and fused into the curse subduing pill.

These illusory poisons, fused with the medicinal pill, interacted, balanced, and exerted their influence within.

As for the effect of this curse subduing pill, it erupted at this moment. From nearly 20%, it directly erupted to a level that could reduce the curses by 30% and it was still continuing.

Finally, it emitted a purple color. When the surroundings turned hazy, Xu Qing lifted his head. The instant the cold air in the surroundings enveloped him, he said his last sentence.

"The pill is completed. It can reduce the curse by… 50%!"

As his voice rang out, the cold air enveloped Xu Qing's entire body. Under some irresistible law, his body directly turned into an ice sculpture.

Only the medicinal pill fell from his hand and floated on the ice layer of the lake. While it shone with purple essence, it also gave off an illusory feeling.

A long time later, this medicinal pill fused into the ice and appeared in the white-robed old man's hand.

The white-robed old man looked at the medicinal pill in front of him and his expression changed again. He was first shocked, then puzzled, then confused, and finally hesitant.

In his artifact spirit life, he had never seen such a medicinal pill.

After a long time, he suddenly blew at this medicinal pill.

With this breath, the pill actually turned from illusory to real.

After that, he raised his hand and waved it. Immediately, an ice sculpture appeared and melted in front of him, revealing a middle-aged man.

This burly dude's Nihility cultivation erupted explosively. After he woke up, he was stunned for a moment, but after regaining his senses, he didn't choose to escape. Instead, he respectfully cupped his fists at the white-robed old man.

"Greetings, Lord."

"Eat it." The white-robed old man was expressionless. He waved the medicinal pill in his hand and it landed in front of the burly dude.

The burly dude hesitated but still chose to comply. He took the medicinal pill and took a look. His expression changed slightly before he swallowed it and closed his eyes to experience it.

A while later, his body trembled violently. He abruptly opened his eyes and spat out a large mouthful of red blood.

The blood contained a dense aura of curse and decay. It gathered in the air and vaguely transformed into the image of the Red Moon. There was also the curse power inside that was about to erupt.

 However, the white-robed old man let out a cold snort. Immediately, this void rumbled and descended to suppress.

The blood instantly turned into ice and landed on the lake. All the fluctuations inside were also sealed.

After doing this, the white-robed old man looked at the burly man with a strange glint in his eyes. At the same time, his expression changed again, revealing shock.

As for the burly dude, he was equally shocked. He sensed his body and cried out in horror.

"My curse… has been permanently reduced by half!!"

"Lord, what pill is this!"

The white-robed old man didn't answer the burly dude's question. He flicked his sleeve and cold air instantly assaulted him again. The burly dude's body turned into an ice sculpture again and sank into the lake.

After doing this, the white-robed elder stood there in a daze for a moment before his body also sank into the lake.

When he appeared, he was at the location of Xu Qing's frost sculpture.

Staring at the frost sculpture in front of him, the white-robed old man fell silent again. A while later, he lifted his hand and tapped the space between Xu Qing's brows.

With this touch, the ice sculpture rapidly melted, creating fog that dispersed soon after. Xu Qing's physique shook as he regained consciousness.

"Greetings, Senior."

Xu Qing wasn't too surprised. Regardless of how the other party interpreted his recent actions, it didn't matter. What mattered was that he conveyed through his actions that all his previous endeavors were, in fact, part of the process of refining the hex subduing pill.

That final glance imbued the medicine with an intent of near-sublimation, and that alone was enough to explain everything.

The white-robed elder stared at Xu Qing with a strange expression. After a long time, his profound voice echoed in the void.

"In the course of history, there have been a total of 79 people who passed this first round of assessment, but in this era, there are only three."































































"You're now the fourth."

"But those who came before you, although they made grand aspirations, had the qualifications to complete them, and indeed accomplished them afterward, none of them were the Master of the Moon Rebel Hall; they all obtained secondary contracts."

"Because even by passing this stage, one cannot actually become the Master of the Moon Rebel Hall… You'll understand the reason once you step inside in a moment."

"You only have half a year. If you can't complete it in half a year, you can only sign a secondary contract."

The white-robed old man looked at Xu Qing and pointed at the lake. Immediately, the lake churned and a massive stone gate filled with the aura of antiquity soared up from within.

This stone gate, towering 10,000 feet high, bore the marks of the ages, carrying the traces of the passage of time. It seemed to have arrived from ancient times, manifesting itself in this place.

It didn't need to be pushed open because there was a gap in the middle that allowed people to enter.

Through the gap, Xu Qing could vaguely see that there seemed to be a hall inside.

Xu Qing was a little hesitant. The white-robed old man's words reminded him of the captain. Hence, he cupped his fists toward the old man.

"Senior, did the cultivator who came with me also pass?"

"His aspirations are too great and he has reaped the consequences of his own actions."

The white-robed old man calmly spoke and stomped the ground. Immediately, ripples spread on the surface of the water, revealing dozens of ice sculptures in the depths.

Xu Qing looked below and discovered that there was an additional person inside. It was none other than Eldest Senior Brother.



He maintained his laughing posture, his arrogance extremely obvious.

Xu Qing frowned. This was a little different from what he had expected. Hence, he fell silent and thought of the words that the captain had said before the trial.

Coupled with his understanding of his eldest senior brother, Xu Qing felt that there was a high chance that the captain had done this on purpose. He had deliberately triggered the punishment.

"If you can pass and become the master of the Moon Rebel Hall, you will have the right to pardon all the sealed people here."

"Now, go in."

The white-robed old man cast a meaningful glance at Xu Qing. His body slowly sank into the lake and disappeared.

Very soon, only Xu Qing and this massive stone gate were left.

Standing in front of the stone gate, Xu Qing took a deep breath and no longer hesitated. He strolled forward and entered the gap of the stone gate that was like a canyon.

He moved further and further away.

He got nearer and closer to the chamber inside.

This lasted until a beam of light reflected in Xu Qing's eyes and filled his vision.

At the same time, an uproar broke out in the Moon Rebel Hall again.

Several hours ago, the dazzling light of the highest temple in the Moon Rebel Hall had already attracted the attention of many cultivators. Even two deputy hall masters had arrived.

Now that several hours had passed, as the news spread, many more cultivators had returned to the Moon Rebel Hall to witness this scene.

Discussions rang out everywhere.

The sky was filled with statues. Some of them were even followers of Master Pill Nine. Although they didn't know that the person who caused all of this was the Master who made them fanatical, this didn't prevent them from continuing to promote the benevolent name of Pill Nine.

The representative among them was Xu Qing's neighbor, the burly statue with exposed chest. He led over a thousand of Pill Nine's hardcore followers and spread them in the crowd, singing praises of Pill Nine.

And just as the Moon Rebel Hall was enjoying such rare liveliness, suddenly, the highest chamber in the sky trembled with a resounding roar, radiating a blinding light that permeated in all directions, exuding a brilliant and glorious aura.

There was also a holy intent rising from within.

This scene instantly attracted the attention of everyone.

"Success?"

"Could it be that… a chamber master is going to appear in the Moon Rebel Hall!!"

"This is too sudden…"

 There was an uproar. As everyone on the Moon Rebel Hall's mountain spoke, anticipation continued to rise.

The statues that filled the sky were all staring at the gate of the highest temple, waiting for it to open.

However, time flowed by. Even after fifteen minutes passed, the light in the highest temple still shone, but its gate was still closed and no one strolled out.

This scene caused the expressions of many old men from the Moon Rebel Hall to dim.

"Is the legend about the Moon Rebel Hall true…"































































In the world of the Moon Rebel Hall, the shock and commotion caused by the light emanating from the highest temple gradually subsided as time passed and the gate didn't open.

The anticipation was gradually replaced by disappointment.

Even the light in the highest temple dimmed. When only the faint light was still flickering, regret rose within everyone.

"Actually, there has always been a legend circulating in the Moon Rebel Hall."

"Legend has it that the Red Moon Crimson Goddess once placed a curse on the predecessor of the Moon Rebel Hall, cursing it… to never have a new master."

"Therefore, since ancient times, the light of the highest temple has flashed and shaken many times. However, from the start to the end, its gate has never opened once."

The two deputy hall masters in the air sighed softly.

"This fellow Daoist passed the first round but just like the first deputy hall master, fourth deputy hall master, and me back then, he didn't pass the second round and couldn't open the gate."

"Looks like we're going to have another companion. It's also a good thing for us to have another deputy hall master at this time!"

As the two deputy hall masters transmitted their voices to each other, the cultivators of the Moon Rebel Hall sighed.

Although the appearance of a new deputy hall master was a huge incentive for everyone, the commotion in the highest temple seemed to give everyone hope.

This was especially so in this wartime. This hope led many cultivators of the Moon Rebel Hall to yearn for a true master of the Moon Rebel Hall.

They needed someone with the hall master identity to lead them, to unleash their brilliance at the final moment of life, to burn and incinerate everything with the flames of their existence.

Such hope turned into disappointment and regret at this moment. After that, the Moon Rebel Hall fell silent.

At the same time, in the highest temple in the sky above the Moon Rebel Hall, Xu Qing opened his eyes.



This temple was much larger than ordinary temples, grand in every aspect. 99 huge pillars supported the dome of the temple.

Looking up, the circular dome transformed into the sun, moon, and stars, slowly rotating. In the center was a massive mirror shining with a dazzling array of colors.

It reflected the mountain of the Moon Rebel Hall.

In addition, on the walls of this temple, numerous mysterious pictures were carved. Some were runes, some took on the forms of beasts, while others depicted human silhouettes.

Each of them emitted waves of soul-stirring pressure.

As for the top seat of the hall, there was an altar there. A huge shrine was built on it and there was a statue of a god standing inside.

This statue was different from the statues in the temples outside; it lacked excessive embellishments and depicted a solitary figure.

Its appearance was none other than Ruler Li Zihua!

At that moment, the eyes of the statue had already opened. The divine radiance it emitted belonged to Xu Qing.

Xu Qing stared at his surroundings and recalled the scene earlier.

He remembered walking through the gap in the stone gate, and the next instant, after the radiance illuminated his world, he opened his eyes and found himself here.

"The highest temple?"

Xu Qing lifted his head and looked at the mirror on the dome, at the outside world reflected there. He could sense the regret and disappointment in the expressions of the Moon Rebel Hall cultivators outside.

He recalled what he had seen when he looked up when he came to the Moon Rebel Hall. It was the highest hall floating above the nine temples.

A long time later, Xu Qing retracted his gaze and looked at the distant… temple gate.

"Why did that artifact spirit old man say that there's a second stage, is it this gate?"

Xu Qing fell silent and walked out.

Amidst the rumbling, the statue of Li Zihua walked down the altar and arrived beside the gate.

Standing there, Xu Qing narrowed his eyes. After observing for a while, he lifted his hand and pushed the gate.

However, the gate didn't even budge. It was as though it was completely locked and couldn't be shaken at all. There wasn't even the slightest sound.

 Xu Qing frowned. He circulated the cultivation base in his body and used all his might to forcefully push it open. However, it was still useless.

The gate remained motionless.

Xu Qing lifted his hand. After some thought, his eyes turned pitch-black. The power of the Poison Restriction followed his gaze and landed on the gate. The Purple Moon in his body circulated violently. As his divine repository undulated, a large amount of blood spread out from Xu Qing's body and gathered outside his body, forming a blood-colored vortex.

Finally, it blasted toward the gate.

However, there was no movement on the gate. Xu Qing's expression suddenly changed and he quickly retreated.

The instant he retreated, a red light flashed above the gate, revealing a totemic painting that was the size of the gate.

This totem was a figure with both hands covering its eyes and blood flowing from all over its body.

It clearly looked evil but it gave off a holy feeling that permeated the surroundings.

This appearance was exactly what the Crimson Goddess looked like.

Xu Qing's heart trembled. The Purple Moon in his body fluctuated intensely and he sensed the aura of the Crimson Goddess. It was as though this totem… was painted by the Crimson Goddess.

"The gate of the highest temple in the Moon Rebel Hall actually has the mark of the Crimson Goddess!"

"Is this the second stage?"

Xu Qing felt that something was amiss. This didn't feel like the second round of assessment, but was more like the Crimson Goddess' seal on the Moon Rebel Hall.

"Therefore, in reality, there's no second round and the master of the Moon Rebel Hall should have appeared a long time ago. However, all those who passed the assessment before me stopped here."

"It is impossible to become the master of the Moon Rebel Hall without breaking the seal of the Crimson Goddess."

Xu Qing's thoughts spun. After coming to an understanding, he came to the front of the gate again and observed it carefully. During this time, he even carefully spread out his Purple Moon power.

Unfortunately, this gate was extremely sensitive to his Purple Moon power. The moment it appeared, it would cause intense fluctuations.

In the end, Xu Qing simply retracted the power of the Purple Moon. Instead, his eyes turned pitch-black as he used his Poison Restriction power to invade and sense it.

Time flowed by. A few days later, through the Poison Restriction, Xu Qing gradually gained a rough understanding of this gate and the totem on it.

As he understood, his expression first became strange before turning solemn.

What created him solemn was that through the Poison Restriction, Xu Qing could sense that all the temples on the mountain outside were emitting some invisible aura at all times.

No one sensed these auras. They were being absorbed by the totem. Xu Qing couldn't tell what they were for the time being.

What made his expression strange was that he could sense a small totem at the lower right corner of this huge totem. However, it was blurry and faint.

If it wasn't for the fact that Xu Qing's Poison Restriction had spread to all the areas and the Purple Moon's power had caused the Crimson Goddess' totem to fluctuate, it would have been almost impossible to sense it.

The appearance of this small totem was the source of Xu Qing's strange expression.

It actually had the exact same face as the captain.

When Xu Qing discovered it, it was secretly chewing on the totem. Although it could only take a small bite every time, its speed was very fast, like a rabid dog.

However, every time it bit, the totem would recover on its own…

"Eldest Senior Brother?"

Xu Qing thought about it and attempted to send his thoughts to the small totem.

The instant these thoughts entered, the small totem that was crazily chewing suddenly shook. It abruptly lifted its head and its eyes revealed ecstasy as it quickly responded.

"Little Qing!"

"You're finally here. I realized you would definitely appear!"

Sensing Xu Qing, the captain became excited. He struggled rapidly and his entire body shone with blue light. Finally, he reappeared at the bottom right corner of the gate and looked at Xu Qing.

Xu Qing also looked at him.

"Eldest Senior Brother, you… how are you here?"

The captain had a smug expression as he laughed.

"How is it? Are you surprised?"

"This is the plan I told you about earlier!"

"My plan this time is very good. After entering the trial ground, I provoked the artifact spirit and made him turn me into an ice sculpture, sinking me into the depths of the lake."

"This way, I can use the methods I left behind here back then to bypass the trial and directly appear in this gate."

"After that, by pushing the door open, I will obtain the authority of the Moon Rebel Hall and become the Lord of the Moon Rebel Hall."

"Once I succeed, I can borrow the power of the Moon Rebel Hall to find all the shattered body parts of my previous lives. This is the main condition of my plan to kill the Crimson Goddess."

When Xu Qing heard this, he gazed at the small totem transformed by the captain and then at the large totem of the Crimson Goddess before sighing.

"The result?"

The captain's expression was a little awkward before he became indignant.

"Little Qing, I was careless this time. I didn't expect the Crimson Goddess to be so sneaky. I realized that she had put a seal in the Moon Rebel Hall, but that old hag put a few more seals during the intervals when I died in my past lives and reincarnated in other regions."

"Seriously. There is even a seal that's actually resistant to bites!!"

"I can only take my time to bite it. Originally, I would have finished biting it very soon and become the Lord of Moon Rebel Hall. Now, I have to waste more time. Fortunately, I still have a backup plan."

"Now that you're here, our chances are even greater. With our combined efforts, we'll devour the Crimson Goddess' seal together! At that time, both of us will be the Masters of the Moon Rebel Hall!"

Xu Qing nodded when he listened this. He wasn't too interested in being the master of the Moon Rebel Hall, but since it was something his senior brother needed, he pondered for a moment, contemplating how to proceed.

"Eldest Senior Brother, I sense that this Crimson Goddess totem is absorbing energy from outside. This should be the source of its formation."

The captain smiled.

"This is my backup plan. That's the fire of faith produced by hope. Every cultivator who enters the Moon Rebel Hall contains hope in their hearts. According to the research in my previous life, this is also what the Crimson Goddess wants."

"In fact, I already suspected that the reason why the Moon Rebel Hall could continue to exist was somehow connected to the Crimson Goddess' laissez-faire attitude."

"However, the Crimson Goddess is currently in deep slumber. She can only keep this fire of hope after She awakens. And fire, you see, has a dual nature—it can provide warmth, but it can also consume and burn."

"This is also the reason why I arrived here after that show."

"Let this fire burn even more intensely, then we add some fuel to make it erupt, incinerating the Crimson Goddess' seal. Coupled with my gnawing, we'll surely succeed!"

"And now, what we lack is the oil. Little Qing, if my calculations aren't wrong, this oil will appear this month."































































For those who had passed the first trial, they possessed great freedom. They could choose to leave at any time or enter at their will, attempting to push open the door of the highest hall.

The time limit was half a year.

After agreeing with the captain, Xu Qing chose to return and wait for the oil the captain mentioned. At the same time, he was also adapting to his Poison Restriction Eyes.

The captain's main body was sealed in the depths of the lake, so what appeared in the gate was the soul body that his consciousness had gathered. Hence, he couldn't leave and could only stay here.

Regarding this, the captain didn't mind at all. He stared at the Crimson Goddess' totem and continued to devour it like a rabid dog.

Just like that, days passed.

The war in the Moon Worship Region became increasingly intense. The quelling movement from the Red Moon Shrine was equally ferocious. The flames of war continued to burn but the resistance was still intense.

Ever since Fifth Grandma and Eighth Grandpa disappeared, they haven't returned. The heir and Princess Mingmei also went out many times. It was unknown what they were busy with.

Hence, the small apothecary was less lively than before. However, Wu Jianwu was still passionate about reciting poems. Ning Yan still cleaned the ground every day, and Li Youfei worked as a guard too.

Although Nether Fairy and Ancestor Mogui noticed that the heir and the others often went out, they didn't dare to have any thoughts of escaping and maintained the current situation.

During these few days, Xu Qing also left the apothecary frequently and searched for a place in the Bitter Life Mountain Range to test his Poison Restriction Eyes.

At that moment, his figure shuttled through the mountain range at an astonishing speed. Even though he had the sun on his body and a horn-like hat on his head, he was already used to all of this.

Now, he could manage everything as usual under this astonishing burden.

In fact, his speed was even faster than before, turning into an afterimage in the mountain range. A while later, he appeared in a valley.



The rock walls of this valley were filled with potholes like a honeycomb, with traces of corrosion.

The aura of the Poison Restriction still lingered in the surroundings, causing all living beings to instinctively sense a life-and-death crisis when they got close and avoided it from far away.

This was the place where Xu Qing experimented with his Poison Restriction Eyes.

After arriving here, Xu Qing sensed his surroundings and confirmed that there was nothing amiss. He then sat down cross-legged and closed his eyes to regulate his breathing.

After about fifteen minutes, when he opened his eyes, Xu Qing's eyes had turned pitch-black. One couldn't see his eyeballs or the whites of his eyes. Everything was black.

In fact, if someone saw his eyes, they would feel as though they were staring at an abyss.

Where Xi Qing's gaze fell, instant corrosion occurred. The power of Poison Restriction erupted with a resounding force, causing distortion in all directions. A hazy atmosphere blurred everything."

This scene was extremely similar to when the fragmented-face of the god in the sky opened His eyes.

However, in terms of might, Xu Qing's was many, many times weaker. Even so, this scene was still astonishing.

It could be said that Xu Qing was growing with each passing moment in the Moon Worship Region. If he were to return to Fenghai County now, he would undoubtedly astonish all his former acquaintances.

However, this kind of growth didn't come without a price.

Just like now, Xu Qing's expression gradually became complicated.

This wasn't the first time he used the Poison Restriction to observe this place, but every time he unfolded this divine power in recent days, waves of emotions surged within his heart.

"When I came into contact with the divinity, I saw the world through the vision of a god, and it was completely different from my usual perception."

Xu Qing mumbled inwardly. In his eyes, although the valley was still a valley, what formed this place wasn't rocks but countless skeletons. Among them were humans and nonhuman races.

The entire area here was formed from bones, including the ground.

Death was the only main theme here. As for the gray wind in the distance, it was also different in Xu Qing's eyes.

It was a giant serpent, with an enormous body. At the edge of the sky, it opened its mouth, and its breath was the source of this gray wind. Every movement of its form caused scales to fall, turning into ashes that scattered across the land.

Farther away, one could faintly see snow falling in the world outside the desert.

Red blood fell like goose feathers, but unfortunately, 99% of the cultivators couldn't see this scene.

"There's also the fragmented-face in the sky."

 Xu Qing silently lifted his head and stared at the fragmented-face that was faintly discernible above the gray wind and red snow. He… opened His eyes.

The place He was looking at wasn't here.

"Different visions see different worlds. Which one is real?"

Xu Qing fell silent. After a long time, he turned his head and took out a sand scorpion.

This scorpion was ten feet long. After Xu Qing took it out, it shivered, not daring to resist or struggle. It was as though to it, Xu Qing was a god.

In Xu Qing's eyes, the shape of this scorpion was also different from normal. It wasn't a scorpion but a dim sphere of light. In fact, its shape was still changing continuously, like it was squirming.

Finally, this light source completely dimmed and turned pitch-black, dissipating from Xu Qing's vision.

If someone else was here, they would be able to see that the scorpion… had turned into blood.

After a long time, Xu Qing lifted his hand and his gaze landed on his palm.

It was still a palm.

Only on it, there were some fuzzy fluffs resembling dandelions, densely covering it, trying to absorb his flesh and blood.

Some had even burrowed into the flesh, spreading inward.

There should have been intense pain but Xu Qing didn't have any perception of it.

He knew what they were.

"Anomalous substances…"

Muttering to himself, Xu Qing was well aware of the anomalous substances in this world from the moment of his birth, and through his cultivation journey, he gained even deeper understanding.

As the cultivation base advanced and one gradually distanced themselves from the mundane, the pain brought by the anomalous substances seemed to have unconsciously faded into the background.

The mutation brought about by cultivation seemed to be diminishing as well.

However, Xu Qing understood that this was caused by the difference in levels. In reality, the mortals were still being tortured by anomalous substances. For example, the curse in the Moon Worship Region was one of them.

He knew that he couldn't underestimate anomalous substances just because the shadow could devour them.

Right now, he sensed the anomalous substances again.

In his sight, anomalous substances were everywhere.

"The anomalous substances are alive…"

Xu Qing's mind fluctuated as he sensed this world again.

"The colossal serpent in the sky is the manifestation of the divine anomalous substances traded by the captain, including the gray wind."

"The red snow in the sky is the anomalous substance of the Crimson Goddess."

"The fluffs on my palm are anomalous substances lingering here, of unknown origin."

"I imagine in other places, there would be even more anomalous substances, of various kinds. As long as it's a place where gods have passed or looked upon, anomalous substances will form."

There was more than one type of anomalous substance.

"In essence, my Poison Restriction is also a type of anomalous substance."

"The Poison Restriction can harm all things and all races, and now, from what I can see, it's even clearer… it is encroaching on everything."

A black glint flashed in Xu Qing's eyes. Immediately, the fluffs on his hand shook. After they turned pitch-black, they fell off, revealing Xu Qing's skin.

On his skin, one could see a black ghost face that covered the location of the fluffs.

Evil, cold, death, and ominous were all the auras of this ghost face.

This was the Poison Restriction in the eye of the god.

It could be a ghost face or countless ghost faces. Every one of them was an anomalous substance that could grow on their own under Xu Qing's gaze.

To existences whose level was inferior to it, this… was a curse.

Xu Qing closed his eyes. When he opened them again a while later, he looked at the shadow.

The shadow trembled, revealing fawning emotions.

Xu Qing's expression was a little strange. This wasn't the first time he had seen the shadow with the Poison Restriction Eyes but every time… it was different.

He remembered the first time he looked at it a few times ago. The shadow was a tree. The second time he took a look, it was a coffin. The third time was eyes.

Now that he looked at it again, it had changed again, transforming into a back view.

This back view was incomparably tall and majestic, giving off the feeling of strength. At the same time, it carried a hint of violence and domineeringness.

However, at the next instant, it changed again.

It turned into a sphere of ink that flowed around Xu Qing.

A long time later, Xu Qing retracted his gaze.

"In that case, what do the fragmented-face's anomalous substances look like?"

Xu Qing suddenly had an impulse. He wanted to experience what the anomalous substances on the fragmented-face were.

However, he also had a premonition that this was very dangerous.

Xu Qing pondered for a while before suppressing his curiosity. There were too many strange things in this world. Intense curiosity often brought about great terror.

"You want to know about the anomalous substances of the god's fragmented-face?"

The moment Xu Qing gave up, the heir's voice suddenly rang out. His figure silently floated in the air and looked at Xu Qing.

Princess Mingmei was also there.

"Greetings, seniors." Xu Qing immediately cupped his fists and bowed.

Princess Mingmei nodded and looked at Xu Qing as she calmly spoke.

"If you want to see it, then just take a look. This way, you'll know what you have to face in the future."

When she said this, Princess Mingmei's eyes were deep.

When Xu Qing heard this, a sharp glint flashed in his eyes. After some thought, he didn't hesitate anymore. His form swayed and he directly rose from the valley, rushing into the sky.

He sped all the way and continued to fly. It was only when he flew out of the range of the colossal serpent and the waves of the red snow that he finally sensed the anomalous substances of the fragmented-face.

"Abire, Dohada Yaya, Gajara, Dodaya…"

A mumbling sound appeared in Xu Qing's sea of consciousness.

It wasn't heard but seen. This didn't make sense.

Yet, in that instant, Xu Qing experienced it exactly that way. He wasn't sure why, but he was absolutely certain the sound did not come from his ears; it unmistakably originated from what his own eyes beheld.

From there, it appeared in his mind.

At the start, this complicated incantation-like voice was very soft but it gradually grew louder. Finally, it stirred up a rumbling sound in Xu Qing's sea of consciousness, repeating and echoing.

Xu Qing's form trembled, giving a sense of overlapping. His spirit seemed to be separating, as if tearing apart. His physical form and the surrounding void melded together, becoming indistinct.

A life-and-death crisis gushed into Xu Qing's perception. He suddenly sank and a large number of bizarre changes appeared in his entire body. He could clearly sense that all his organs were starting to activate and he could sense his past appearing in the surroundings.

Those memories of the past seemed to be walking out of the illusory scenes and were about to become real.































































Or perhaps, using the word 'seemed' wasn't appropriate.

This was because at this moment, those memories of the past were really revealed from the illusion and gradually became real.

Once these real scenes were formed, they could replace the present.

Time seemed to have become elusive at this moment. It no longer flowed forward or backward but turned into a vortex.

In this vortex, there was Xu Qing's past, his present, and his future.

However, the scene in the future was blurry and couldn't be seen clearly at all. Now that they had fused together, it was even more so.

The word 'time' also became unfamiliar.

It was as though it no longer had the concept it possessed!

Perhaps time was only defined by intelligent lifeforms for their own convenience.

In reality, time itself may not require any definition, and any attempt to define it might not capture its complete essence.

Xu Qing's mind churned as this peculiar understanding surged into his consciousness.

It subverted everything.

Changes appeared in front of Xu Qing again.

In his haze, he saw indescribable gods walking through the void, manipulating one vortex after another, each defined as time.

Their appearances were individually distinct, visible to Xu Qing, yet he couldn't articulate them in words. It appeared as if describing this phenomenon was not permitted.

He witnessed countless stars disintegrating into fragments while even more suns and moons were taking shape.

However, in the end, They removed them and placed them onto Their bodies, becoming intricate patterns.

Some transformed into instruments and elements that Xu Qing couldn't comprehend, creating things and colors beyond his understanding.



Even the starry sky was the same. Xu Qing saw a god holding a brush made of stars and smearing it.

Wherever it touched, the starry sky would grow larger.

This scene was unbelievable and unreal.

Yet in the next instant, everything vanished, becoming hazy and changing shape. It seemed as if everything before was just Xu Qing's own thoughts, and thus, it came into existence.

Difficult to comprehend, truly incredible.

Xu Qing's sea of consciousness trembled and rumbled. He couldn't believe any of this.

He even saw emperors adorned in imperial robes, writhing in agonizing wails, struggling in an attempt to resist. Yet, in the presence of the gods, everything appeared to be devoid of meaning.

That murmur from the god's fragmented-face and that incantation appeared to have opened up a surreal and fantastical realm.

Here…

What you perceived as time was not the same in the minds of the gods.

The space you understood didn't have this meaning in the god's perception.

In the eyes of the gods, the knowledge you grasped might not be correct.

In fact, what you saw was what the god unintentionally let you see.

The reason why it was unintentional was as they wouldn't specially do this.

All of this caused Xu Qing's consciousness to collapse.

At the next instant, a figure appeared in front of him. It was like a huge mountain peak that blocked everything for him, hiding all the chaos and blocking all gazes.

Xu Qing's perception finally recovered at this moment.

 His body hit the ground with a resounding thud, and the surges of turmoil within his heart and the upheaval of understanding transformed into waves, continuously crashing against his consciousness, making it difficult for him to stand steady.

As he staggered back, Xu Qing couldn't suppress it and spat out a mouthful of blood.

His expression kept changing. He suddenly lifted his head and looked at Princess Mingmei, who stood in front of him.

"Did you sense it?"

Princess Mingmei turned around and stared at Xu Qing with a deep gaze.

Xu Qing's breathing was hurried and a storm rumbled in his heart. Countless bolts of lightning appeared to be exploding in his mind and intense horror appeared in his eyes. It was only after a long time that he barely recovered a little.

He nodded heavily.

"What is He saying? Also, I feel like I saw it but I don't seem to have seen it. I clearly remember it but I seem to have forgotten it."

"All the scenes and everything seem to have been overturned."

Xu Qing's body trembled. The cold feeling from his childhood surfaced on his body again after this experience. He felt very cold, so cold that it seeped into his bones and froze his soul…

"'He is counting down."

Princess Mingmei spoke softly.

"Cultivation is actually a helpless pain after the god's fragmented-face arrived. It's also a path of no return.

"In this world, anomalous substances are everywhere. Some can be sensed and some can't be peeped at."

"They invade all things in the world, causing changes in form and essence. Some turn to ashes, while others become sources of malevolence."

"And the mortals… are no exception. The course of life is altered, and they are forced to adapt."

"This phenomenon is even more serious on cultivators. At low levels, mutations will occur. When one reaches the critical point, they will either die or become one of the mutated beasts.

"Only at the mid-stage do they seem happiest. At this moment, most believe that they can suppress the anomalous substances and ignore them. But in reality, it's due to a cognitive barrier, ignorance, that they feel content."

"Until you cultivate to the high level… the expansion of your understanding will change everything."

"Just like us… everything you saw just now, we have to endure it at all times."

Princess Mingmei's tone was calm but her voice carried fatigue. The heir at the side sighed softly and looked at Xu Qing as he shook his head.

"But what can we do?"

"And those, in fact, might not be true. It can only be said that it is just a corner of the story."

"In fact, my father once said something back then."

"We think that They are outsiders, but is that truly the case? Perhaps in Their understanding, we… are the outsiders."

"Is it possible that this place has always been… the god's kingdom?"

"I don't know the answer either."

The heir shook his head.

Xu Qing fell silent.

"These questions are not something you can contemplate now. It's good to feel and experience, which will help you better understand this world."

The heir patted Xu Qing's shoulder.

"Remember, in the future, before you're prepared, don't use your Poison Restriction Eyes to look at the fragmented-face. He… is supreme and can't be looked at directly."

"Let's return home."

Xu Qing nodded silently and followed the heir and Princess Mingmei out of the valley, returning to the apothecary.

What he experienced this time around still lingered in his mind even after half a month, influencing his thoughts.

He couldn't help but ponder and try to understand.

On this day, the oil the captain mentioned appeared.

In the sky, the Red Moon was even closer to the Moon Worship Region. When looking up, one could see that the celestial body was becoming larger and more distinct.

The redness in the sky also became increasingly dazzling, reflecting on the ground, causing the entire Moon Worship Region to turn into a red domain.

The tidal reactions were equally intense, with constant earthquakes and thunderous roars echoing in all directions.

The cultivation power of all the temple cultivators who believed in the Crimson Goddess was enhanced to varying degrees. The divine arts they exhibited became even more awe-inspiring.

Hence, with the five deputy hall masters of the Moon Rebel Hall as the source, the five rebel army was broken through under the suppression of the Red Moon Shrine.

They began to crumble, facing a comprehensive crisis.

To make matters worse, as the Red Moon drew closer and the tidal reactions intensified, something strange occurred across the entire Moon Worship Region.

It had grown larger.

The original landmass fractured and split apart, giving rise to new plates emerging from the depths of the earth, creating deep chasms.

The once-existing mountain peaks experienced a similar transformation, giving rise to new mountainous formations after their collapse.

The god's aura continued to surge in all the new places.

From these deep chasms, from these mountains, from all the newly created lands, a group of peculiar beings awakened.

They appeared ugly, resembling monsters, devoid of intelligence, filled with madness. Like insects or beasts, their numbers were incredibly vast, surging forth explosively.

Every one of them contained the fluctuations of gods. The smaller ones were dozens of feet in size, while the larger ones reached hundreds of feet or even thousands of feet.

They radiated an intense sense of ferocity, and madness permeated the surroundings.

Hunger, in particular, manifested violently in their beings.

Hence, wherever they passed, everything in the world, including soil and rocks, would be their food, let alone the flesh and blood of all living beings.

They ate and devoured everything. They rushed out of many areas and spread throughout the entire Moon Worship Region.

It was as though this was their feast.

Death appeared with every breath.

The Moon Rebel Hall also became incomparably desolate. The temples were completely dim, indicating that their masters had died.

At this moment, medicinal pills were even more important.

Although Xu Qing was in the blissful land of the Bitter Life Mountain Range, he still continued to send medicinal pills, and he didn't demand any payments.

However, he was still unable to satisfy the demand..

Xu Qing originally planned to refine them in large quantities but an accident happened.

On this day, the Bitter Life Mountain Range shook, with numerous rocks falling and peaks collapsing. A deep chasm tore through from within as the mountain range crumbled.

Its location was under the Bitter Life Mountain Range's Red Moon Shrine.

In the entire region, one could discover that every such chasm actually had a Red Moon Shrine nearby.

As for the wind in the desert, although it could stop outsiders from entering, it couldn't stop those who were already here.

Hence, countless malevolent existences rushed out like a tide.

In an instant, the frenzied roars became the most harrowing sound in the area, second only to the rustling wind.

The cultivators in the desert had no choice but to resist if they didn't want to die.

This was especially so for the Wind Guard Race. Their entire race was mobilized, including the other large and small forces to fight against these crazy demons.

The heir and Princess Mingmei also walked out at the moment the ground quaked. It was as though they were waiting for this.

Xu Qing followed behind.

"Xu Qing, observe these demon-like existences clearly."

"Their appearance isn't a coincidence. They are the offspring of the Crimson Goddess who haven't created their consciousness. They are the representatives of chaos and are formed by the unnecessary substances released by the Crimson Goddess during the process of becoming a god."

The heir walked in the sky and approached the deep chasm where all of this had erupted.

"These are actually the true divine sons."

Xu Qing lowered his head and looked at the mountain range below.

This wasn't the first time he had heard of this. When he left the highest hall of the Moon Rebel Hall, the captain had also told him about it. And this… was the oil the captain had mentioned.































































The purple-red carapace, the neck curved like a crescent moon, and the triangular head emitted waves of a dreadful aura.

Its powerful six legs, sharp claws, and a tail half the length of its body, as if it could break through any obstacle, exuded a sense of terror.

Especially from its head to its tail, it had rows of crimson spikes, shining with a bloody glow, responding to the red hue of the sky.

This was the divine son.

At that moment, they were rushing out of the deep chasm that had appeared in the Bitter Life Mountain Range, spreading in all directions throughout the mountains.

Chaos, madness, hunger â€" these were fully embodied in them.

Wherever they passed, everything became their food. Moreover, when they smelled the scent of beings with blood, these divine sons' eyes revealed greed as they followed the aura and rushed toward the sects and cities in the Bitter Life Mountain Range.

Looking from the sky, it was like a red tide was spreading on the ground.

In an instant, eerie and horrifying roars echoed throughout the heavens and the earth.

When they heard these sounds, the cultivators were shaken and the mortals were horrified.

Faced with all of this, be it mortals or cultivators, they knew very well that they couldn't escape.

Hence, a huge battle was on the verge of erupting in the Bitter Life Mountain Range.

The array formations of the various factions were activated and all the cultivators went forward to stop these fiends.



The whole Wind Guard Race was on guard.

The red tide was approaching crazily, and many divine sons within it, stimulated by the scent of blood, were already leaping and clawing, ready to charge forward.

However, just as the cultivators in the Bitter Life Mountain Range prepared themselves for the impending battle, a cold snort echoed from the sky.

This snort carried an earth-shattering might. When it reached the ears of the living beings, it was like celestial thunder, causing everyone to feel dazed. Before they could recover from their shock, the demonic divine sons shuddered one by one and let out a mournful roar, looking up at the sky.

However, this roar was useless.

It was as though an invisible large hand had descended from the sky, covering the entire Bitter Life Mountain Range, forming a huge pressure that landed on these divine sons.

A deafening roar erupted at that moment, and countless divine sons had their carapaces shattered. In the midst of their screams, they were directly compressed into pulp, their flesh and blood blurred, collapsing and exploding.

Less than 10% survived.

The entire Bitter Life Mountain Range shook violently. The eyes of the cultivators from the various sects and forces widened and waves surged in their hearts.

They instinctively lifted their heads and looked at the three figures that had appeared in the sky.

The person who attacked was an old man in the center.

"Mogui."

The heir calmly spoke and the void beside him instantly distorted. Ancestor Mogui's figure teleported over in the blink of an eye. After he appeared, he immediately knelt down and answered loudly.

"Junior is here!"

The appearance of Mogui caused all the cultivators in the Bitter Life Mountain Range to immediately look over. Most of them had seen Ancestor Mogui before. After all, he had one of the highest reputation in the entire Bitter Life Mountain Range.

"Lead the people to deal with the remaining beasts."

"I obey the decree!"

Mogui spoke loudly, his heart filled with immense excitement and a strong sense of security.

He immediately descended to the ground. With his reputation, he directly led all the sects in the Bitter Life Mountain Range and began to destroy the fiends in an orderly manner.

As for the heir and Princess Mingmei in the air, they didn't stay here. Instead, they brought Xu Qing away.

When they appeared, they were already at the origin area of the divine sons.

It was a massive chasm, glowing with a red radiance. Muffled roars emanated from within, resembling the sound of a heartbeat, resonating outside and transforming into thunderous rumbles.

 The heir and Princess Mingmei lowered their heads and looked into the distance.

Xu Qing followed behind. His gaze also landed on the chasm.

On his way here, he had seen too many divine sons. Although countless of them had been destroyed by the cold snort of the heir earlier, there were still many divine sons roaring out of the deep pit below.

"Xu Qing, I'll leave these things in the outer perimeter to you. With your current combat strength, it won't be a problem for you to persist for a period of time. It can also be considered training for you."

After the heir finished speaking, he looked at Princess Mingmei beside him.

After Princess Mingmei nodded, the two of them walked out at the same time and headed straight for the deep chasm. They instantly entered and headed deeper.

Xu Qing didn't hesitate. After the heir and Princess Mingmei left, he looked at the red tide that kept appearing below. His gaze turned cold.

His presence immediately caught the attention of those divine offspring on the ground. The instinctual desire for blood food seemed to be deeply ingrained in these divine sons. In their perception, the concept of fear was difficult to evoke.

They only had chaos and madness.

The aura on Xu Qing's body seemed to be even sweeter. Hence, their madness became even more intense. They let out sharp roars and headed straight for Xu Qing.

Their bloodline could ignore the spells of most cultivators, and their speed was even more astonishing. The divine fluctuations on their bodies were enough to break through all obstacles.

This was especially so for their vitality. They were extremely tenacious.

At that moment, they rushed toward Xu Qing from all directions.

Xu Qing was expressionless. When the red tide on the ground entered his vision, his pupils didn't turn red but pitch-black.

"I'll stay here and test my growth during this period of time."

Xu Qing mumbled and looked at the ground.

Wherever his gaze went, a large area on the ground instantly distorted, becoming blurred, and anomalous substances were born. The power of the Poison Restriction erupted within.

The divine sons in this area instantly let out mournful wails. Their bodies were rotting at a speed visible to the naked eye. Back then, the anomalous substances from the Poison Restriction could allow Xu Qing to plunder the origin of the Crimson Goddess. From this, it could be determined that its status had surpassed the Crimson Goddess.

Right now, it was a better confirmation.

Other than chaos and madness, these descendants of the Crimson Goddess were also filled with the anomalous substances of the Crimson Goddess. However, now, under Xu Qing's Poison Restriction, they were unable to resist.

Amidst the rumbling, the dozens of divine sons screamed miserably and turned into blood.

This scene agitated the other divine sons. Hence, even more divine sons rose into the air and rushed toward Xu Qing.

Xu Qing's expression was calm. With a wave of his hand, the Golden Crow totem on his body immediately came alive and formed in the air. It let out a shrill cry and black flames instantly erupted.

There was also a spear inside that emitted a terrifying fluctuation. It rushed out and headed straight for the surroundings.

Wherever it passed, the void shattered and the world rumbled. All the divine sons who got close instantly collapsed until the spear landed on the ground.

The ground trembled and all the divine sons within a ten thousand-foot range let out cries of pain. Their hard bodies were now incomparably fragile. The divine fluctuations they were proud of were now suppressed.

Everything seemed to be restrained and crushed with crushing force.

It wasn't that they weren't strong. When facing cultivators, they had a unique advantage. The anomalous substances contained in them could also keep on tainting the cultivators.

In fact, their blood too was highly toxic to cultivators.

However… to Xu Qing, all of this was useless.

In terms of poison, they couldn't compare. In terms of the level of anomalous substances, they were still inferior.

This was destined to be a massacre.

As rumbling sounds echoed, Xu Qing walked into the beast pack. Wherever his gaze fell, the Poison Restriction erupted. Where the Golden Crow went, taboo destruction followed.

Moreover, the radiance of the morning glow shimmered around Xu Qing's body. Each sweep annihilated any approaching threat. Countless spells transformed within, diffusing outward.

From time to time, the phantom of the Ghost Emperor Mountain would descend and suppress the surroundings.

The Heavenly Dao Mosasaur also rushed out of the void and bellowed at the divine sons, devouring them crazily.

Hence, among this group of divine sons, Xu Qing was like a messenger of death walking among them. Wherever he passed, there would be corpses left behind.

It was a pity that there was no one around to see this scene. Otherwise, they would definitely be extremely shocked and their hearts would palpitate.

Right now, Xu Qing didn't look like a cultivator at all.

Under the morning glow and the flickering of the Taboo Spear, his pitch-black eyes and expressionless face made him look like a god.

In fact, after about fifteen minutes, the area became increasingly blurred, and the sense of distortion intensified. Vaguely, it seemed that this place was transforming into a forbidden zone..

The forbidden zone in the mortal realm brought suffering to myriad beings, but in this place, the divine sons were the ones wailing.

Gradually, some divine sons commenced to tremble and didn't dare to get close. Their fear rose endlessly and suppressed their instincts.

Looking at all of this, Xu Qing's expression was calm.

"Only divine techniques can restrain these divine sons. If one doesn't have the power of the gods, it will be very difficult for cultivators to face them because each one is a source of contamination."

"Then, let me try my Purple Moon power."

Xu Qing closed his eyes. At the next instant, drops of blood floated out of his body. In the blink of an eye, Xu Qing's figure disappeared and was enveloped by endless blood, transforming into a blood-colored vortex that rumbled as it spun.

The authority of the Red Moon erupted from within. There was also a divine repository that undulated in the blood-colored vortex. Finally, it erupted, forming a huge blood curtain that was about to descend to the ground and cover all the divine sons here.

However, at this moment… the divine sons in the surroundings suddenly trembled violently and they stopped letting out the horrifying wails. All of them lowered their heads and crawled toward the blood curtain Xu Qing had transformed into, making gurgling sounds.

This sound was special. It was different from their roars earlier. It contained intimacy and submission.

The blood curtain in the sky paused and Xu Qing's face appeared. He gazed at the tens of thousands of divine sons prostrating on the ground and fell into deep thought.

A while later, Xu Qing's figure gathered in the sky and strutted toward the ground, walking among these prostrating divine sons. These divine sons became extremely obedient, like pets. They even used their heads to rub against the path Xu Qing had walked on.

"The heir previously said that these divine sons were formed from unnecessary substances released by the Crimson Goddess during the process of becoming a god. This statement might be a bit oversimplified."

"They might not be the descendants of the Crimson Goddess. Specifically, they should be the descendants of the Red Moon."

"They are formed from the impurities the formation of impurities generated during the process when the Crimson Goddess plundered the Red Moon."

A look of contemplation emerged in Xu Qing's eyes. He strutted in front of a divine son and placed his hand on its head.































































In the sky, the gray wind whistled, sweeping up sand that blotted out the sky. In the darkness, the colors of the entire world were cold.

On the ground, tens of thousands of grotesque divine sons, akin to demons, suppressed all chaos, restraining their madness, and prostrated themselves in worship.

From a distance, the scene was incredibly impactful.

In front of them, Xu Qing stood calmly, dressed in a black robe, with black hair fluttering behind him.

The wind revealed his pitch-black eyes, and the fluttering robes highlighted his upright figure.

With the concentric circles of blood flowing around his body like ribbons, it was a shocking and otherworldly sight, as if the lord of demons had descended to the mortal realm.

At that moment, this demon lord looked at the divine son in front of him and pressed his hand on his head. The moment he touched it, the divine son's body paused. However, he didn't dare to struggle at all and didn't move.

Xu Qing was expressionless. His divine consciousness fused into it and he silently sensed its essence.

The first thing he experienced was the obedience and reverence transmitted by the divine son. This was an instinctive act that suppressed the other party's chaos and madness.

After that, he felt the other party's hunger.

This reminded him of the scene where he had touched upon the divinity.

For a long time, Xu Qing continued to press down with his right hand. As the Poison Restriction dissipated and the power of the Purple Moon surged in, the divine son's flesh, which was difficult to break with ordinary means, rapidly melted in Xu Qing's hands.

Blood dripped down the divine son's face and landed on the ground, emitting sizzling sounds as the ground corroded.

As for Xu Qing's right hand, it had already penetrated deep into the divine son's body.



This intense pain caused the divine son to tremble even more. However, it still didn't dare to move away.

The authority of the Red Moon on Xu Qing's body seemed to exert an extreme suppression on these divine sons.

"The flesh contains a stronger sense of chaos, possesses a certain degree of corrosion, and includes the intrusion of anomalous substances," Xu Qing pondered. He could sense that he couldn't devour these divine sons.

They were formed from impurities and there was no benefit to devouring them.

A long time later, Xu Qing shook his head and lifted his hand.

His gaze landed on the surroundings. Looking at these prostrating divine sons, Xu Qing narrowed his eyes and took out a fragmented item.

With the appearance of this object, a vast force spread within, causing the colors of the world to change, winds to rise, and clouds to surge. The oppressive feeling became significantly stronger.

This was the gift the heir had given Xu Qing back then, a fragment of a large world of a Soul Accumulation.

It had once been borrowed by the captain to suppress Nether Fairy until Nether Fairy was released in the apothecary. The captain then returned it.

Now that the fragment was out, a suction force erupted. In the blink of an eye, tens of thousands of divine sons here were sucked in, leaving nothing behind.

After doing this, Xu Qing kept the fragment and his gaze landed on the deep chasm.

There were no more divine sons there. The deep roars had long disappeared.

Just as he was checking, a divine sense fluctuation suddenly spread out.

"Xu Qing, come down for a moment."

That was the heir's voice.

Xu Qing didn't immediately go over; instead, he carefully examined the situation before walking to the edge of the deep chasm. He lowered his head for a glance and then stepped in.

His speed was extremely fast and the Poison Restriction filled his eyes. Blood surrounded him as he sped into the depths.

The deeper he went, the more intense the anomalous substances became. Sticky fluids flowed on the walls around him, emitting a putrid odor that made one nauseous.

Further down, there was a faint red glow.

Finally, when Xu Qing got close, a barrier formed by flesh was reflected in his eyes.

This lump of flesh was like a wall, sealing off the path forward. It continued to squirm and emit a red light, giving off an extremely dense aura of Crimson Goddess.

 It seemed to be struggling, attempting to swell outward, but an unseen force suppressed it, preventing any resistance. It could only retreat continuously within these undulations.

The heir and Princess Mingmei were standing in front of the flesh barrier.

"This is the last defense that leads to the core of this place."

"We need to go in to retrieve a crucial item for saving Old Ninth. If we forcefully break through, even if Crimson Goddess is dormant, there may be a response, and it will instinctively hide the crystal within. So, we need you to unleash your authority and quietly open a gap."

The heir turned and looked at Xu Qing.

Xu Qing nodded. He had guessed it on the way here. Previously, the heir and Princess Mingmei had gone out many times. Their goal should have been this place.

Hence, he walked to the lump of flesh. The blood flowing outside his body flowed faster. As he lifted his right hand, it quickly gathered on his fingertip. When the red light was dazzling, a drop of blood flew out from his fingertip.

It landed on the lump of flesh.

This blood contained Xu Qing's authority over the Red Moon and emitted dense anomalous substances. One could even vaguely see a small Red Moon manifesting inside.

"Open!"

The moment the blood touched the barrier, Xu Qing transmitted his divine sense.

The flesh barrier suddenly trembled. The place where Xu Qing's blood landed instantly squirmed, squeezing in all directions and gradually creating a gap.

The heir and Princess Mingmei didn't hesitate at all. They transformed into two rainbows and disappeared into the gap.

Xu Qing didn't follow. He rapidly retreated until he was 1,000 feet away. As he continued to move back, sharp sounds emanated from the mass of flesh, accompanied by echoing roars. Then, the flesh trembled and began to wither.

The entire process took only three to five breaths. After the mass of flesh withered to its extreme, it turned into ash and dispersed, revealing a massive underground cavern beneath the deep pit.

The interior of the cavern was a shocking sight.

The ground was covered in a viscous pool of blood, emitting a strong smell of decay. In the center, there was a massive red crystal, with half of it exposed above the surface of the blood.

It shone with a red light.

In this blood pool, there were countless eggs.

Some of these eggs were dozens of feet in size and some were hundreds of feet. Their sizes were different but they were all red.

A portion of it was intact, and another portion had shattered, leaving only the eggshells floating on the pool.

Through the outer shells of the intact eggs, Xu Qing could see divine sons inside, struggling to break through the shells.

The heir and Princess Mingmei headed straight for the blood crystal. After they got close, they used their moves at the same time and took out the crystal.

As the crystal disappeared, the gore pool here rapidly dried up. The struggles of the eggs became increasingly intense and muffled roars continued to echo.

"Alright, let's leave."

After obtaining the item they needed, the heir was satisfied. As he spoke, he raised his hand and was about to destroy all the eggs here.

Xu Qing's heart stirred and he hurriedly spoke.

"Senior, I have other uses for these divine sons."

When the heir heard this, his gaze landed on Xu Qing. Princess Mingmei nodded.

Xu Qing immediately took out the fragment of the great world. He performed a series of hand seals and pointed. Immediately, a suction force spread out and all the eggs here were instantly absorbed into the fragment.

After doing all this, Xu Qing was satisfied.

With such a large amount, he felt that it was already in line with the amount of oil the captain needed.

"Then, let's go."

Seeing that Xu Qing was done, the heir calmly spoke. With a swing of his sleeve, he swept Xu Qing out of this deep chasm. When they arrived outside, Princess Mingmei raised her hand and pressed down.

Immediately, the ground rumbled and the deep chasm began to collapse. Countless rocks appeared out of thin air and rapidly buried it, turning it into flat ground.

This disorder that had happened in the Bitter Life Mountain Range was resolved just like that. Xu Qing felt that this was normal. After all, with the Soul Accumulation, it was impossible for a divine son nest to cause a immense commotion.

However, to the cultivators of the Bitter Life Mountain Range, the impact was extremely strong. They were originally prepared to risk their lives, but everything that happened after that caused huge waves in their hearts.

A single palm could cover the entire mountain range and kill countless divine sons.

To be able to make even Ancestor Mogui respectful to the point of calling himself a junior.

The answer was self-evident.

"Soul Accumulation…"

These two words appeared in the hearts of all cultivators and turned into rolling thunder that kept exploding, turning into instinctive trembling.

After clearing out the remaining divine sons, they personally saw Ancestor Mogui go to the apothecary in that earth city. He didn't care about his identity at all and welcomed any guests who visited the store.

This scene caused another storm in the hearts of the cultivators of the Bitter Life Mountain Range.

Before this, the mysterious apothecary was quite famous in the Bitter Life Mountain Range. After all, there were a lot of unbelievable things that happened there.

However, no matter what, it was hard for them to imagine that there was actually a Soul Accumulation there.

Today, they understood that the apothecary… was the core of the Bitter Life Mountain Range and even this desert.

This realization made everyone feel intense reverence.

Hence, this ordinary city became the holy land of the desert.

Among the cultivators here, there were also cultivators from the Moon Rebel Hall. Hence, everything that happened here was rapidly spread to the Moon Rebel Hall and was known by the entire Rebellion Army in the Moon Worship Region.

All of a sudden, all the resistance forces in the outside world were in an uproar.

They had also heard of the Bitter Life Mountain Range before, but it was because of the appearance of the gray wind. That place was isolated to a certain extent from the outside world and was like a blissful land.

Moreover, it was suspected to be the source of the scene on the God Slaying Platform, so it was noticed and speculated.

However, the appearance of the Soul Accumulation caused the outside world to be in turmoil. This was because they thought of the scene on the God Slaying Platform. At the same time, their guesses about the Soul Accumulation's identity also arose.

"It's the crown prince!"

On a plain some distance away from the green sand desert, over a thousand flying ships whistled through the sky. In the flying ship at the front, a middle-aged cultivator sat cross-legged. He lifted his head and looked in the direction of the green sand desert, muttering to himself.

This person was travel-worn and his face was pale. It was obvious that he was injured. However, his expression was still dignified and solemn.

"Fourth Hall Master, are we… going to the desert?"

Beside the middle-aged cultivator stood more than ten subordinates. Every one of them was at the Nihility realm and all of them were heavily injured. At that moment, one of them asked hoarsely.

This middle-aged cultivator was none other than the fourth hall master of the Moon Rebel Hall. When he heard this, he turned his head and looked behind him.

Every flying ship behind was filled with cultivators from all races. They all bore signs of exhaustion and wounds, their gazes dim.

As a rebel army, they had failed under the suppression of the Red Moon Shrine and the outbreak of the divine son's calamity.

They had suffered heavy losses.

After paying a immense price, the remaining forces finally escaped.

However, with the Red Moon Shrine chasing after them, even though the world was large, they had nowhere to escape to.

"Yes, let's go to the desert."

The fourth hall master took a profound breath and spoke.































































Time flowed by and half a month passed.

As the divine son's nests erupted everywhere, the situation in the Moon Worship Region became increasingly bad.

The news of the fourth hall master's team being defeated rapidly spread. In an instant, the morale of the rebel army formed by the deputy hall masters of the Moon Rebel Hall became low.

They seemed to have lost all hope. The burning of a spark seemed to only be the afterglow of one's own life.

Only the desert became more and more prominent in this situation. Because of the heir's existence, not only did the cultivators of the Bitter Life Mountain Range think that earth city was a holy land, but the resistance forces from all sides outside also treated the desert as a holy land.

Hence, almost every day, there would be people advancing toward the desert from everywhere. They wanted to enter this place, join in, and seek true resistance.

However, the blockade by the Red Moon Shrine became even stronger. Yet, during this period, some unexpected events occurred, and mysterious powerful beings descended, causing the blockade to collapse.

Ancestor Mogui was appointed by the heir to lead a large number of desert cultivators to the edge of the desert to receive the arriving individuals.

Although the wind in the desert prevented outsiders from entering, this wind was after all traded by the captain. With the heir's cultivation and identity, he was qualified to form an alliance with that High God Flame Moon.

Hence, after he transmitted his divine sense in the wind, the wind here granted him authority. It no longer blocked all the entrants, and only targeted Red Moon cultivators.

As a result, with the resistance forces in the Moon Worship Region joining, the forces of the desert expanded almost every day.

All the cultivators who had joined the desert faction were excited after they arrived. However, they knew that they didn't have the qualifications to meet the heir, so they didn't disturb him at the apothecary. They only bowed in the direction of the Bitter Life Mountain Range.

As for the apothecary, there weren't many changes. Ning Yan, Wu Jianwu, and the others continued with their regular duties. It was the same for Ling'er, Li Youfei, and Nether Fairy.



Only Xu Qing spent more time in the small world fragment.

In the past half a month, he had spent almost all his time in the small world fragment. He was very clear that time was very tight. Regardless of the current situation outside or the gradual approach of the Red Moon, they were all telling him something.

The calamity was about to arrive.

Hence, Xu Qing didn't waste any time in this half a month. He was immersed in the refinement and incubation of the divine sons.

What the captain needed was actually the blood of these divine sons that contained chaos and madness.

In this small world, the glaciers had long melted and the ground was covered in black soil. One could see countless broken eggshells and endless divine sons.

A purple moon rose in the air, emitting the power of the Red Moon's authority. It enveloped this world and provided conditions for the divine son to hatch and control it.

All the divine sons were prostrating on the ground. Their bodies bore numerous wounds, causing fresh blood to flow, merging into the massive fingerprint that existed in this place.

It formed a lake.

The process went relatively smoothly. Although occasional divine sons lost control due to their large numbers, Xu Qing promptly suppressed them each time. As for the wounds on their bodies, under the influence of the authority, they opened up on their own.

Due to the continuous bleeding, these divine sons continued to weaken until they eventually withered and died.

Every time this happened, Xu Qing would throw the corpses of the dead divine sons to the other divine sons to feed and exchange for more blood.

During this period, Xu Qing also went to the Moon Rebel Hall several times to fuse the blood of the divine sons into the gate of the highest hall.

This blood was indeed useful. As it fused into the totem, the Crimson Goddess' totem clearly trembled. The fire of hope from the various temples in the Moon Rebel Hall burned even more intensely.

The absorption of the Crimson Goddess' totem also gradually turned into devouring fire. Its body began to burn.

Under the burning, the totem started to turn blurry. The captain's madness also became intense as he rapidly gnawed.

"Little Qing, there's not enough oil. Bring more."

"Let this fire grow bigger!"

"Hope is right in front of us. As long as we burn the Crimson Goddess' seal, this door will be pushed open. At that time… we will be the masters of the Moon Rebel Hall!"

"The moment we become the Lord of the Moon Rebel, it will be the day of the Red Moon Shrine's calamity!"

The captain was excited. As he chewed, he transmitted his divine sense.

"According to the speed of the Red Moon Star, it will take at most nine to ten months for the Crimson Goddess to arrive."

 Xu Qing spoke softly.

"That's why I'm anxious." The captain bit down fiercely.

"Little Qing, all my preparations are almost complete. I'm only two steps away now!"

"The first step is this Moon Rebel Hall. Once we finish this step, I can use the Moon Rebel Hall to instantly sense all the flesh that was torn into pieces in my previous life."

"I can already sense a small portion of it now."

"At that time, coupled with our previous arrangements, we will have the strength to destroy the Red Moon Shrine."

"Once the temple is destroyed, we can enter the Repentance Plain. The body of the ruler is there!"

"This body is the last step in killing the Crimson Goddess. It's also an extremely important step!"

Xu Qing nodded.

"I'll squeeze more oil outside. It might take some time but it should be enough."

The captain was excited.

"Haha, I'm looking forward to it. Little Qing, our trip to the Moon Worship Region is coming to an end. I've planned for so many years to devour the god. I'm finally going to do it!"

"Think about it. That's the Crimson Goddess we're talking about. If we devour her, this matter will definitely spread throughout Fenghai County, the large regions of the human race, and the whole Wanggu Continent."

"At that time, the Black Heaven Race will be trash!"

"Even the Human Emperor might have to be polite when facing us. When the old man sees the two of us, his jaw will probably drop in shock."

"This is a major event. A major event that will make our names renowned throughout Wanggu, and it is something that has never happened since the appearance of the gods!"

"After we're done, the status of the future Fenghai County's County Governor is no longer worthy of you. We have to have a higher goal."

It had to be said that the captain was quite capable in inspiring people.

When Xu Qing heard the captain's words, the scenes in Fenghai County appeared in his mind. He was a little dazed as he thought of Old Master Seventh, Zi Xuan, the Seven Blood Eyes, and everything in Fenghai County.

"It clearly hasn't been that long since I came to the Moon Worship Region. It's only been a few years, but I feel like countless years have passed…"

Xu Qing comprehended that the reason why he had this feeling was because he had experienced too many things in the Moon Worship Region. At the same time, it was also the result of a leap in his cultivation.

"Eldest Senior Brother, I miss Master."

Xu Qing spoke softly.

"Soon. We'll return soon!"

The captain clicked his tongue and replied proudly.

Xu Qing nodded and departed the Moon Rebel Hall.

In this half a month, his other identity in the Moon Rebel Hall became even more famous as the war broke out.

All of this was because of the curse subduing pills.

Although he lacked materials in reality and couldn't make a pill that reduced the curse by 50%, the increased experience and knowledge he gained along with the Poison Restriction Eyes could reduce the curse by 30%.

Being able to permanently reduce the curse by 30% caused a commotion in the Moon Rebel Hall even in this wartime.

To many cultivators, this medicinal pill was a life-saving item.

Casualties were inevitable in war, and injuries would cause the curse in their bodies to erupt. When fighting against Red Moon cultivators, the other party could trigger the curse as well.

Also, the proximity of the Red Moon Star made the curse more active.

Hence, at this moment, the medicinal pill that reduced the curse by 30% was a holy item. To cultivators who erupted with curses, it was almost like reviving from the dead!

His followers were even more excited.

Moreover, Xu Qing no longer asked for anything in exchange for the medicinal pills. It was essentially a gratuitous contribution. As such, Pill Nine's name reached the peak of fame in the Moon Rebel Hall.

His name had long spread out of the Moon Rebel Hall and was famous in the Rebellion Army in the Moon Worship Region. In fact, even those cultivators who weren't from the Moon Rebel Hall knew the name Master Pill Nine.

Correspondingly, there were more and more guesses about Master Pill Nine's identity. Some uttered that he was from another region, some said that he was a hidden expert, and some said that he might be a senior from the same era as the heir.

All kinds of theories emerged endlessly. Even the few deputy hall masters of the Moon Rebel Hall had left messages for Xu Qing in the Moon Rebel Hall, expressing their politeness and inviting him to join their side, offering all possible conveniences.

In fact, as long as Pill Nine agreed, no matter where he was, as long as it wasn't the Red Moon Shrine, experts would immediately go over and escort him.

Among them, the fourth hall master, who had witnessed Xu Qing and Master Shengluo displaying their medicinal pills back then, was the most persistent. Every few days, he would leave a message in Xu Qing's temple with an extremely sincere attitude.

However, Xu Qing didn't respond.

It was only when the name of the holy land in the Bitter Life Mountain Range spread that there was an additional guess about Pill Nine. Someone analyzed that he should be in the Bitter Life Mountain Range. Only such a pure land without war could make one feel at ease refining pills.

However, guesses were just guesses.

No one knew the truth. It was also because of this mystery that the name of Pill Nine caused a commotion in all directions.

At the same time, his followers also spontaneously organized themselves together. Led by the burly neighbor, they protected the reputation of the Master while also collecting all the information about the Master. They wanted to find the location of the Master and unite by his side to protect him.

Just like that, another seven days passed.

On this day, just as Xu Qing walked out of the miniscule world, he received a voice transmission from the heir.

"Xu Qing, a deputy hall master of the Moon Rebel Hall, along with his group of cultivators, is about to arrive outside the desert. The Red Moon cultivators are in their pursuit. Take mine and Third Sister's jade tokens, and go receive them."

"By the way, take some of those chicks from the backyard for a stroll. They eat every day, and each one is getting too fat."

As he spoke, three jade tokens appeared out of thin air in front of Xu Qing. Two of them emitted fluctuations of Soul Accumulation, and the other was an item that controlled those little chicks.

Xu Qing acknowledged when he heard that. He put away the jade tokens and arrived at the backyard of the apothecary. He then composedly glanced at those little chicks.

There were many experts here. Even the weakest among them was at the Nascent Soul realm. There were also a few in the Spirit Repository and four in the Nihility realm.

A portion of them were from the Yin Yang Flower Sect that had come here back then. There were also some that Grandma Five had captured from somewhere. Xu Qing didn't know their origins either.

"Which of you is willing to redeem yourselves?"

Xu Qing composedly spoke.































































As soon as the word 'redeem' was spoken, dozens of these chicks quickly flapped their wings and jumped up while clucking, their eyes revealing endless desire.

They were going crazy.

In fact, in order to snatch this opportunity, after leaping, they ended up grappling with each other, scattering chicken feathers all around.

Xu Qing frowned.

Immediately, these chicks fell silent. No matter what cultivation they had previously, after they knew their situation and understood that there were four Soul Accumulation cultivators here, they didn't dare to be arrogant at all.

Although the grief and indignation were also intense, if they wanted to live, they could only lower their heads.

Seeing that they had quietened down, Xu Qing lifted his hand and pointed a few times. He chose more than 30 chicks from the 100-odd chicks.

"Which one of you is the fastest?"

Xu Qing asked.

Immediately, one of the chicks jumped up fiercely, its clucking sounds filled with desire.

Xu Qing nodded and took out the jade token that the heir had given him to control the chicks. He performed a series of hand seals and pointed. Immediately, a white light flew out of the jade token and headed straight for the chick.

At the next instant, the little chick trembled all over and its form changed. Instead of turning into a humanoid cultivator, its chicken body expanded to a size of 100 feet, turning into a giant chick.

Its cultivation base also recovered. Immediately, a second stage Nihility fluctuation erupted from its body and the power of the Crimson Goddess spread out. This person… was none other than the divine envoy of the Red Moon Shrine.



A strange look appeared in Xu Qing's eyes. However, when he thought about how it was Fifth Grandma who was raising them, he wasn't surprised. Hence, his body swayed and he directly stood on the back of the large chick.

"All of you, follow behind." Xu Qing calmly issued a decree after he spoke to the other little chicks and unlocked some seals for them.

"Let's go!"

The second stage Nihility chick didn't dare to resist. Fifth Grandma's restrictions made it so that he would wish he was dead if he showed even a trace of rebelling. He hurriedly nodded and leaped up.

He headed straight for the sky.

As for the other little chicks, all of them rushed out rapidly and followed behind.

Just like that, the group of little chicks sped all the way. Amidst the gray storm, a whistling sound rang out as they flew toward the edge of the desert.

Their speed was so fast that they seemed to be shuttling through the void.

In just a few hours, they flew from the Bitter Life Mountain Range to the edge of the desert.

From afar, one could see a large number of makeshift sand houses being constructed on the outskirts of the desert. Those stationed here were desert cultivators, numbering nearly ten thousand, with Ancestor Mogui as their leader.

After noticing a group of chicks flying over, the cultivators here were all surprised. Ancestor Mogui was the first to rush out.

He knew these chicks. After he flew into the air and saw Xu Qing's figure clearly, Ancestor Mogui's heart trembled.

"It's this young master!"

As a staff member of the apothecary, he naturally knew Xu Qing's status in the apothecary. He had also seen the crown prince guide him many times. Hence, he was fully aware that this person was the owner of the apothecary and was like a disciple to the crown prince.

He hurriedly spoke loudly.

"Greetings, Young Master!"

Ancestor Mogui cupped his fists and bowed in the air.

Xu Qing nodded and similarly cupped his fists in return.

"Greetings, Senior."

Although the other party's identity was a staff member of the apothecary, Xu Qing knew that all of this was because of the heir and not him. Moreover, compared to those little chicks, there must be a reason why Ancestor Mogui was let off by the heir.

Facing Xu Qing's return greeting, Ancestor Mogui sighed with emotion. He could be shameless in the apothecary but there were so many people here now and most of them were his subordinates, so he wanted to maintain some dignity.

Xu Qing's return greeting made him feel very comfortable. Naturally, he felt a little closer to him.

 "Young Master, what's your motive for coming here this time?"

"The heir ordered me to come and receive the cultivators from the Moon Rebel Hall."

Xu Qing looked up into the distance. Beyond the gray wind, the sky and earth were dyed in a blood-red hue, as if soaked in blood. In this blood-colored world, numerous black dots appeared on the horizon.

They were rushing over.

Those small black dots were flying ships.

They were the ships of the fourth hall master and his subordinates who had fled all the way under the pursuit of the Red Moon Shrine.

Most of the thousand flying ships had some degrees of damage. The cultivators inside were even weaker than half a month ago. It was the same for their fatigue. The eruption of their injuries and the anxiety in their hearts caused everyone to be exhausted.

Behind them was a sky filled with red lights.

As for the fourth hall master at the front of the team, his face was pale and his injuries were serious. The auras of the Nihility subordinates behind him had also reached the critical point.

"Fourth Hall Master, this is the last curse subduing pill. Although Master Pill Nine's pills are provided for free, there are too many people who need them and the number is limited. I'm ultimately inferior to Master Pill Nine. Even if he gave me the prescription, I cannot produce it."

Behind the fourth hall master, a middle-aged man at the first stage of Nihility took out a pill bottle and handed it over.

When the fourth hall master heard this, he looked at the medicinal pill and let out a low voice.

"Shengluo, you've done your best."

"You guys can split it up and consume it. I can still hold on."

That first stage Nihility middle-aged man was none other than Master Shengluo.

Hearing the fourth hall master's words, Shengluo lowered his head.

The fourth hall master patted his shoulder and looked at the distant desert, at the gray storm that blotted out the sky.

Due to the obstruction of the storm, he couldn't see Xu Qing and the others. What he saw was a vast expanse. Hence, he communicated softly.

"Master Pill Nine didn't reply to any of my messages. I think it's inconvenient for him to reveal his identity. I hope he's fine…"

Shengluo nodded with a complicated expression.

"There are rumors that Master Pill Nine is in the desert ahead… Fourth Hall Master, the news from the Desert Holy Land has also been transmitted through the Master Pill Nine. They allow us to enter, and the designated entry point is here."

"But behind us…" Shengluo turned his head and looked behind him.

Behind them, the redness of the world was like viscous blood that was constantly churning over. One could vaguely see many huge organs in this red world.

On the way, they encountered several interceptions from the Red Moon Shrine. Every time, it was a bitter battle and there were more and more casualties. This was also the reason why everyone's injuries were getting more serious.

Every time they shook them off, it wouldn't be long before the Red Moon Shrine caught up to them again.

At that moment, the pursuers from the Red Moon Shrine emerged again.

"It's fine. To the Red Moon Shrine, this suppression isn't very important. After all, the Crimson Goddess will descend in less than ten months. If too many of us die, more Red Moon dependent forces will have to fill this gap."

The fourth hall master's voice was filled with fatigue as he slowly spoke.

"So, the internal situation of the Red Moon Shrine is actually quite chaotic. The wills are not unified; some take this as a game, some are blatantly neglecting the orders, and some emphasize suppression."

"And if you carefully recall this trip, we're only being chased away."

The fourth hall master sneered.

"There are some forces in the Red Moon Shrine who hope that we can survive until the Crimson Goddess descends."

"There are also some forces that adhere to the concepts of the previous eras in this large region. They think that delicious food needs to move around more. Only when it's active will it be more aesthetically pleasing. The more it struggles, the more delicious it will be."

"To us, it's a life-and-death resistance. To the higher-ups of the Red Moon Shrine, this might just be a game."

"However, because of the appearance of the heir, some of the forces in the temple have become vigilant. They are the ones who launched the suppression."

Shengluo fell silent. He had also observed this phenomenon along the way. Not only him, but the Nihility cultivators of the various races on the flying ships also sensed it. However, it was now exposed by the fourth hall master.

"Don't dwell on it too much. Regardless of what happens ten months from now, at least… we are living for freedom now."

The fourth hall master took a deep breath and waved his hand. Immediately, the speed of all the flying ships soared and they headed straight for the desert storm in front of them, getting closer and closer.

However, at this moment, the blood light behind them suddenly flickered and expanded. At the same time, it transformed into a large blood-colored hand that blotted out the sky and earth as it grabbed at them.

A cold glint flashed in the fourth hall master's eyes and his cultivation base erupted. Immediately, the color of the sky changed and illusory small worlds appeared in the sky. After they fused together, they formed an illusory large world.

This was the sign of a fourth stage Nihility cultivator!

Although the great world was illusory, it was astonishingly majestic. It blocked the incoming blood-colored hand.

At the same time, all the cultivators on the flying ship also acted, forming tens of thousands of spells that gathered together, adding color to the large world and making it look even more real.

The dozen or so Nihility cultivators spread out their cultivation bases, forming the pillars of the great world.

The thunderous sound erupted in an instant, deafening and overwhelming. A tremendous force surged, creating waves that spread in all directions, causing the blood-colored hand to shatter into fragments.

However, the fourth hall master's illusory great world also collapsed and everyone spat out blood, but their flying ships, propelled by the impact, accelerated even more. Like celestial maidens scattering flowers, they rushed towards the storm in the desert.

Meanwhile, the storm connecting the heavens and the earth in the desert, amidst the endless howling, suddenly cracked open. It was as if two massive curtains were moving apart, revealing a widening gap that resembled the opening of a door.

Inside the door, one could see Ancestor Mogui, Xu Qing, and tens of thousands of cultivators from the desert.

Both sides gazed at each other. Just as the fourth hall master's side was about to rush in, the red light in the distance erupted again. The temples carried by dozens of lumps of flesh didn't get close but stopped. However, they each emitted a rich blood glow, transforming into a massive face in the sky.

This face gazed like the face of a nonhuman that was covered in scales. It coldly gazed at the desert, charging directly as if to follow the flying ships and enter the desert together.

However, at this moment, Xu Qing patted the giant chick under him.

The large chick trembled and cautiously hurried out, carrying Xu Qing into the air. Ignoring the passing flying ships from the fourth hall master's side, Xu Qing raised his right hand, palm facing the huge face outside the storm.

He had a jade token in his hand.

At this moment, he ruthlessly squeezed.

The jade token instantly shattered and an energy fluctuation of Soul Accumulation erupted from within, forming a huge vortex in front of Xu Qing.

As it rumbled, bolts of lightning swam inside. After that, an earth-shattering huge finger stretched out from the vortex.

Countless flashes of lightning accompanied its movement, and surrounded by the sun, moon, and stars, it emerged as if a meteoric shower, carrying the overwhelming aura of Soul Accumulation, was sweeping across.

From a distance, it seemed like fragmented stones piercing through the void, waves crashing on the shore. The finger, with its majestic energy, aimed towards the approaching face.































































This was an attack from the heir's Soul Accumulation cultivation!

It contained Dao rules, nomological arts, and the blessing of the Immemorial Heavenly Dao. It was capable of suppressing all things in heaven and earth, shattering any resistance, and breaking infinite wills.

There was also the power of authority that spread into the surroundings. It was capable of altering the perception of sentient beings, deceiving even the heavens. When manifested in the divine technique, it became extremely domineering, adhering strictly to its will.

Everything collapsed in its way.

In the blink of an eye, the finger landed on the forehead of the blood-red face that was trying to rush into the desert storm.

The face shook and its eyes widened in anger. It let out a deep roar and tried to resist, but a black ripple spread out from the space between its brows where the finger touched, covering the entire giant face.

As the ripple spread, the face caved in, cracked, until it shattered into countless fragments, dispersing in all directions.

It stirred up a storm, sweeping forcefully towards the direction of the Red Moon Shrine. The rumbling sounds were deafening at this moment, as though an invisible hand had transformed into raging waves that slapped the shore.

The side of the Red Moon Shrine instantly fell into chaos, with many collapsing and tumbling.

The attack of the Soul Accumulation contained monstrous divine might.

When the fourth hall master and the others, who had rushed into the desert, witnessed this scene, they gasped in shock. They knew there was a fourth stage Nihility expert like the fourth hall master among the pursuing Red Moon Shrine cultivators.



Under the effect of the tidal force of the Red Moon Star, the combat strength of a divine envoy with such a cultivation base would receive an extremely terrifying enhancement. Coupled with the help of others, they could display the might of a quasi Soul Accumulation cultivator.

Just like the huge face earlier.

However, right now, this face seemed to be like paper, so fragile that it couldn't withstand a single blow.

But, as the supreme will of the Moon Worship Region, it was naturally impossible for the Red Moon Shrine to be defeated just like that. As the crimson light flickered, blood-colored brilliance erupted from the temples again.

After that, blood figures shot out one after another. They took advantage of the moment when the jade token in Xu Qing's hand shattered and the heir's attack dissipated to rush toward the desert storm.

There were more than a thousand of them. The peculiar thing about these cultivators was that they seemed to lack a corporeal body. They resembled blood souls, traversing the void and directly entering the desert.

The instant they rushed in, they released their power of the Crimson Goddess and activated their divine techniques, as though they wanted to taint the edge of the desert and let the divine might of the Crimson Goddess invade this place.

When the fourth hall master saw this, he immediately issued orders. The flying ships that had entered the desert swiftly changed direction. The cultivators inside rushed out. A portion of them met with the other fellow Daoists and a portion of them attempted to intercept the blood figures.

Ancestor Mogui also immediately issued orders. The desert cultivators stationed here acted immediately. There was also the Wind Guard Race who used their race's divine art, causing the storm to intensify and howl.

Xu Qing's gaze was also cold as he calmly spoke.

"The chance to redeem yourselves is here."

As soon as he finished speaking, he performed a series of hand seals and pointed at the little chicks behind him. Immediately, these little chicks let out sharp cries and their bodies emitted cultivation fluctuations while growing larger.

Just like the large chick under Xu Qing's feet, these little chicks also became large chicks in the blink of an eye.

They, one after another, displayed ferocious expressions, with a determination in their eyes as they charged forward. Their madness stemmed from the desire to make a contribution, avoid being devoured, or perhaps to appear more diligent than the other chicks.

The chicks rose into the air and approached the blood figures. A chaotic battle unfolded instantly.

Aftershocks spread everywhere and the sounds of fights echoed in all directions. At the same time, the storm became even more violent than before.

Even though more blood shadows rushed in from the Red Moon Shrine and the blood light had gradually invaded the desert wind, the attacks of the rebel army were still powerful.

The most eye-catching ones were those large chicks.

All of them were over 100 feet in size. They were desperate and fearless, causing their combat strength to rise significantly, making them extremely fierce.

Wherever they passed, the blood figures were devoured by them like insects.

The act of devouring was incredibly skillful, as if it had become instinctive. However, casualties were inevitable, but an even more bizarre scene unfolded.

After the injuries on these large chicks reached a certain level, they actually emitted a white light and instantly recovered.

This was the power of Fifth Grandma's authority.

Xu Qing fell into deep thought. If it was said that Red Moon cultivators were blessed because they believed in the Crimson Goddess and thus obtained the divine might of the Crimson Goddess, then these little chicks had unknowingly begun to believe in Grandma Five, so they also had a portion of Grandma Five's abilities.

 However, this ability wasn't absolute, so death would still appear.

Perhaps what the fourth hall master had said was correct, or perhaps they were afraid of the Soul Accumulation, so the Red Moon Shrine outside the desert didn't go all out.

After releasing a large number of blood figures and sensing that they were being rapidly destroyed, they chose to retreat.

With the receding blood glow, eventually, with the cooperation of everyone, this support operation came to an end under the barrier of the sandstorm in the great desert.

The rebel army on the fourth hall master's side felt different emotions after surviving this calamity, ranging from relief to contemplation. At the same time, they looked at the desert cultivators.

Or rather, they were mainly looking at those incomparably ferocious and savage large chicks.

As such, Xu Qing, who was standing on the largest chick, appeared especially conspicuous and attracted even more attention.

In reality, Red Moon's side had also paid attention previously. After all, it was Xu Qing who had activated the Soul Accumulation jade token. However, after Xu Qing left the God Slaying Platform, in order not to attract too much attention, he disguised his appearance again with the help of the heir and the others.

After all, what he had done on the God Slaying Platform was too significant.

Hence, in the eyes of the Red Moon cultivators, although Xu Qing was still handsome, he couldn't overlap with the person who had once shaken the hearts of all living beings.

It was the same for the Rebellion Army of the Moon Rebel Hall on the fourth hall master's side.

Xu Qing was calm. He patted the large chick under his feet and walked toward the fourth hall master and the others.

The fourth hall master stared at Xu Qing who was walking over from afar and asked Ancestor Mogui, who had arrived beside him.

"Fellow Daoist Mogui, who is this young man?"

As the fourth hall master spoke, Master Shengluo also looked over.

Ancestor Mogui's heart stirred. He was only at the first stage of Nihility, and the person in front of him was at the fourth stage. Not only was he the deputy hall master of the Moon Rebel Hall, but he was also a big shot in the entire Moon Worship Region.

If it was when he hadn't joined the apothecary, he would be extremely apprehensive when facing this person. After all, the difference in status was too great.

However, it was different now. This could be seen from the way the other party addressed him. Hence, he smiled and spoke.

"That's my young master."

The fourth hall master nodded slightly when he heard this. From the term 'young master' and the fact that he could activate the Soul Accumulation jade token, he already understood the relationship between this young man and the crown prince.

At the side, Master Shengluo also took a few more glances at Xu Qing because of the title of young master. He also sighed with emotion inwardly. After that, he seemed to have thought of something and cupped his fists toward Ancestor Mogui.

"Fellow Daoist Mogui, I have something I want to ask."

"Master Shengluo, please speak," Ancestor Mogui stated with a smile. Although he wasn't a cultivator of the Moon Rebel Hall, there were still some Moon Rebel Hall cultivators beside him. He had already learned of their identities through these people's words, so he knew that this Master Shengluo was also a big shot.

"I wonder if there are any alchemy experts in the desert? Have you heard of Master Pill Nine's name?"

When Shengluo's words rang out, Xu Qing was already close. After hearing this, his gaze landed on the person who spoke. He noticed that this was a middle-aged man with an extraordinary cultivation base who emitted the scent of medicinal pills.

Clearly, this was someone who refined pills all year round.

When Ancestor Mogui heard this, he shook his head and didn't say that Xu Qing knew alchemy. He had lived for so long and profoundly understood that talking too much could lead to mistakes. Moreover, they weren't familiar with each other.

Just as he was about to speak, he saw the approaching Xu Qing. Hence, he first greeted him before answering Shengluo's question.

"Although we desert cultivators additionally have alchemy cultivators, there seem to be very few with extremely profound attainments… As for Master Pill Nine, I've also heard of him. Does Master Shengluo mean that Master Pill Nine is in my desert?"

When Xu Qing heard this, he glanced at the alchemy cultivator and saw the statue of Master Shengluo in his mind, overlapping with the person before him.

He recalled the alchemy battle between the other party and him in the Moon Rebel Hall.

Shengluo sighed. He could tell that Mogui was being perfunctory and knew that he had been too hasty. He then nodded at Xu Qing. The fourth hall master's gaze additionally landed on Xu Qing.

"Greetings, Seniors." Xu Qing cupped his fists.

"Junior is here to receive you on the orders of the heir. I welcome everyone to the green sand desert."

Looking at the fourth hall master, Xu Qing felt a strange sense of familiarity. Soon, he recalled the messages he used to receive periodically in his temple.

However, he had always been concealing himself very well, so it was impossible for the other party to know that he was Pill Nine.

This was indeed the case. Although the fourth hall master's cultivation was profound, he wasn't omnipotent. He and Shengluo would never have thought that the Pill Nine they had always wanted to visit was right in front of them.

However, this didn't hinder them from being polite. Even though he had a Nihility cultivation base, Xu Qing had come to receive them in the name of the heir. Hence, they chatted very harmoniously.

Just like that, under Xu Qing's invitation, the group of people headed toward the Bitter Life Mountain Range in a majestic manner.

The sandstorm howled. Xu Qing and Ancestor Mogui stood on the fourth hall master's flying ship. Xu Qing addressed sparingly during the journey, leaving Ancestor Mogui to introduce the desert. Naturally, the conversation turned to the gray wind here and the holy land's apothecary.

The moment the scene of the god being slain ended in the minds of all living beings was when the gray wind was formed. This matter was no longer a secret by now.

In reality, this was additionally the reason why outsiders guessed that the scene in the minds of all living beings was related to the crown prince.

However, after hearing Ancestor Mogui's explanation, the fourth hall master glanced at Xu Qing and suddenly spoke.

"Young man, the figure on the God Slaying Platform in the minds of all living beings was you, right?"

At the side, Master Shengluo wasn't paying attention to the talks of the God Slaying Platform but the apothecary. At that moment, he additionally looked at Xu Qing and couldn't help but ask.

"Little friend, are you the one who opened the apothecary? You know alchemy?"































































The gray wind howled, carrying countless grains of sand, blowing across the flying ships in the expanse of the sky.

Although they had barriers, the relentless pounding sound still accompanied the words of the fourth hall master and Master Shengluo, entering Xu Qing's ears,

At the same time, the other subordinates of the fourth hall master on the flying ship also opened their eyes from healing, looking towards Xu Qing.

Xu Qing looked at the fourth hall master.

Previously, at the edge of the desert, when he first saw the other party, he had felt a sense of familiarity.

This feeling wasn't because they had seen each other's statues in the Moon Rebel Hall.

The statues and the individuals were different. In fact, their gender and race were hidden by the statue. Unless one had the highest authority in the Moon Rebel Hall, it was impossible to identify someone.

Hence, Xu Qing had been silently pondering over the source of this familiarity.

At this moment, he found it.

The most prominent feature of this fourth hall master was his stern and solemn demeanor. A smile seemed to be a rare expression on his face, and the forehead furrows intensified this sense of sternness.

This kind of facial expression reminded Xu Qing of Kong Liangxiu, the Palace Master of the Sword Palace in Fenghai County.

He thought of the Palace Master, even though several years had passed, waves still rose in his heart. The figure of the other party standing outside the Taboo formation, blocking the advance of the Holy Wave Race's army remained eternal in Xu Qing's mind.

"My Eldest Senior Brother was the one who made the arrangements in the Land of God Slaying."



Xu Qing spoke softly.

He wasn't lying. In the beginning, it was indeed Chen Erniu. Even the final outcome was also caused by Chen Erniu. It was just that there was a little accident in the process.

As for the truth, Xu Qing felt that there was no need for him to tell others.

"I opened the apothecary. I know a thing or two about alchemy."

After Xu Qing finished speaking, his gaze fell on Master Sheng Luo. Then he closed his eyes, crossed his legs, and sat in place. Because of the familiarity with the past, his mind immersed itself in the memories of Fenghai County.

The fourth hall master's gaze was deep and he didn't ask further. As for Master Shengluo, he sighed inwardly. He didn't think that Xu Qing's alchemy attainments could be high, let alone associate him with Pill Nine.

This was because in his heart, the person who could see through his thoughts and speak the ideal of the alchemy of the Moon Worship Region would definitely be the same as him, immersed in the pursuit of alchemy.

He wouldn't be so young.

Just like that, as Xu Qing immersed in the memories, time flowed by. These flying ships traversed the sandstorm and arrived at the Bitter Life Mountain Range a day later.

Under Ancestor Mogui's arrangements, the residency rights of over ten mountain peaks were given to the fourth hall master. That place would be the new home of the fourth hall master and his people.

Xu Qing also completed his mission and returned to the apothecary. He locked those little chicks in the backyard again and sat in front of the heir. He then took out the unused Soul Accumulation jade token and placed it to the side.

Princess Mingmei wasn't around.

As the heir drank his tea, his gaze swept across the jade token and he calmly spoke.

"Take it, consider it a life-saving item I'm giving you."

Xu Qing looked at the heir.

"Senior, are you planning to go on a long journey?"

"After some time, Third Sister and I will be going out to unseal Old Ninth. We don't need your help this time. We're fully confident and are just waiting for the right moment."

Xu Qing nodded and kept the jade token.

"You can't slack off in your cultivation either. As for the matter about D132 you asked before, I can now tell you."

The heir's gaze was deep as he looked at Xu Qing's body.

Xu Qing's spirits were lifted and he listened attentively.

Seeing Xu Qing like this, the heir felt comfortable in his heart. He had spent some effort thinking about D132. At that moment, he put down his teacup and calmly spoke.

 "Your D132 is both a prison and fortune. It also contains a god's finger."

"Although this finger isn't much and looks like the finger of a lower god's clone, the fact that it was born as a god is quite rare and valuable."

"However, this has made your D132 complicated. I can tell that this finger also has authority. That's the power of misfortune!"

"But this misfortune doesn't belong to you. What truly belongs to you is the power of forgetfulness formed by the fusion of D132's fortune and misfortune!"

"This combination of luck and bad luck is very ingenious. I see many traces of human restrictions on it, and even the handiwork of the Sword Holder Palace. If I'm not mistaken, its prototype should be the Prison Department of the Sword Holder Palace!"

"It is the people of later generations who, with the help of past records, innovated and ultimately shaped it."

The heir's deep voice echoed in Xu Qing's ears, and Xu Qing shuddered as he felt a deep respect.

He hadn't said much about D132 to the heir but the other party could directly see through its essence. Xu Qing stood up and bowed.

"Senior, please guide me."

The heir laughed.

"Feel its power of forgetfulness. This is a new authority… It's also a direction that the Sword Holder Palace explored during the Ancient Sovereign Mystic Nether Era."

"Back then, someone called that direction the domain."

Xu Qing's heart stirred. He thought of the Grand Affairs Immortal Sect in Fenghai County.

Li Zimei had once told him that the cultivation techniques of the Grand Affairs Immortal Sect ultimately followed the path of domain.

The Sea Corpse Race's patriarch also took this path.

There was also the Grand Affairs Immortal Sect cultivator he had encountered under the Absolute Beginning Separation Pillar. The other party's attack also contained a domain.

Next was Qing Qiu. When the other party used her trump card, she also displayed a type of domain power.

Xu Qing didn't expect that after going around in a circle, it turned out that his D132 also contained this kind of ability.

Noticing Xu Qing's expression, the heir understood.

"It seems that you've encountered domain cultivators before. This is normal. After all, when the Ancient Sovereign Mystic Nether was still around, the Sword Holder Palace invited many experts to participate in the research for better understanding."

"However, this forgetfulness domain of yours is different from ordinary ones. After all, this is the result of the fusion of the fortune of all living beings and the god's misfortune. It's worth studying carefully."

"Moreover, back then, the purpose of the Sword Holder Palace's research on the domain was to construct a power that could make gods bow their heads."

After saying that, the heir picked up his teacup. He had now found the knack of educating Xu Qing. He needed to explain everything in great detail, leaving no room for Xu Qing's comprehension to play out.

And for what he only vaguely understood, it would be better to provide him with as many mysterious words as possible and give him a general direction. This way, it would be more suitable for Xu Qing's comprehension.

Moreover, this direction needed to be broad enough. As for whether he could achieve it was a matter for the future.

Xu Qing took a deep breath. The heir's words created him suddenly clear about D132, and he now had a direction. With a respectful salute, he immediately returned to the back room, and started contemplating.

The nascent soul in D132 also unlocked its eyes at this moment, revealing a green glow.

The god's finger that was being stared at instinctively turned over and continued to pretend to be asleep. However, Its mind was trembling.

This was even more so for the other criminals.

Regardless of whether it was the head or the stone lion, they were already in extreme reverence for Xu Qing. After coming to the Moon Worship Region, they felt that Xu Qing was becoming more and more inhumane and even more terrifying.

Even the painting old man was trembling. At that moment, even if he had a hundred guts, he wouldn't dare to clamor at Xu Qing at all.

Xu Qing didn't care much about these criminals. His divine sense overlapped with D132's nascent soul and swept past them one by one.

With the guidance provided by the heir, Xu Qing felt that with the god's finger as the source of misfortune and his nascent soul as the gathering of fortune, the greatest manifestation of the power of forgetfulness was actually these criminals.

Finally, his gaze landed on the painting old man.

The old man's face was pale and he had a bad feeling.

"Lord, I think our D132 isn't perfect yet. We lack people… We lack the water vat and the straw doll!"

"That's right, that's right, Boss. These two must be causing trouble for the people outside. We harbor justice and cannot allow them to be so unrestrained!"

The head quickly spoke.

Xu Qing was expressionless. He lifted his right hand and grabbed. Immediately, the painting old man flew over and landed in Xu Qing's nascent soul's hand. The old man revealed a fawning expression and was about to speak.

"Quiet."

Xu Qing transmitted his divine sense.

The old man immediately took out a brush and created a stroke across his mouth, sealing it shut. Then, he put on a fawning expression on his face.

Xu Qing nodded and pressed his hand on the forehead of the painting old man, sensing it carefully. Not long later, he grabbed the head and stone lion, similarly perceiving them at a deep level.

In fact, for the sake of better research, he simply waved his hand and smashed these three into minced meat. He stared fixedly at them and paid attention to their revival.

After the cycle repeated, under the pleading of the three criminals and the trembling of the god's finger, Xu Qing ended his research.

In the back room, Xu Qing unlocked his eyes, revealing understanding.

"Back then, most of D132's previous guardians died from misfortune, and I also experienced multiple episodes of forgetfulness…"

"These prisoners themselves are a part of misfortune, so to some extent, they are immortal."

"The reason why I forgot was because I was also tainted by misfortune, combined with the fusion of fortune, leading to the state of forgetfulness.

"Forgetting to sever the cause and effect. This is the core of D132."

"So, forgetfulness… requires misfortune and fortune to blend and erupt simultaneously in me."

Xu Qing remained silent. The D132 nascent soul flew toward the god's finger and pressed down on Its body.

The finger was unwilling but It didn't dare to resist. The instant D132 nascent soul came into contact with the finger, Xu Qing's main body appeared dazed.

This daze lasted for quite some time, until he instinctively sensed the fluctuations transmitted by the Moon Rebel Hall. Then, he grabbed out the mirror given by the heir and entered the highest hall.

The moment he stepped in, the captain's small totem appeared on the gate and wailed.

"Little Qing, something's wrong, really wrong this time. During this period, I've been sensing the traces of all my body parts through the Moon Rebel Hall. Although it's not precise, I can vaguely sense everything except one missing!"

"I-I-I… My past life's body appears to be missing a kidney, no matter what, I can't sense it at all!"

"I've checked many times but I can't find them. This is impossible! Even if it was eaten by someone, it should leave traces in the bloodline, and I should be able to sense it."

"Now, it's gone, no traces at all. My kidney, what happened…"































































In the highest hall of the Moon Rebel Hall, the captain's voice was filled with confusion, nervousness, and anxiety.

"How could this happen? My past life's body is incomplete now. Little Qing, do you know how important the kidney is for a man?"

"My kidney, am I not a complete man anymore?"

"The most important thing is that the one I lost was specially refined by me in my previous life. It's extremely significant and precious."

On the gate, the small totem formed by the captain had a look of sadness and resentment, gritting his teeth as if he had lost a beloved one.

"It must be some despicable scoundrel coveting my precious kidney, taking it for himself to conquer everything! Hateful, hateful, hateful!"

"If this matter cannot be resolved, it would be fine if it only affected me, but it will impact our major plan. My previous life's body cannot be missing any part…"

The captain was clearly anxious.

When Xu Qing heard this, his expression was a little strange. His mind instantly recalled the clay fox he had encountered in a canyon in the west of the Moon Worship.

At that time, the clay fox had shown a kidney to him…

At the thought of this, Xu Qing hesitated for a moment, but in order to confirm, he spoke in a low voice.

"Eldest Senior Brother, how many kidneys did you have in your previous life?"

"Two. I'm a human and was also a human in my previous life. Don't humans all have two? You have three?" The captain sized up Xu Qing.

Xu Qing didn't care about the captain's gaze and patiently asked another question.

"Can you sense the other one?"

"I can. The other kidney is in a divine son nest in the east. Although it has become fertilizer, I can clearly sense it."



After saying that, the captain reacted and his eyes revealed an intense light. He then looked at Xu Qing nervously and expectantly.

"Little Qing, why are you asking me this? Could it be that you've seen my kidney before?"

Xu Qing didn't say anything and carefully recalled the kidney that the clay fox had taken out back then. His silence made the captain more anxious, fearing the worst.

"Eldest Senior Brother, the kidney you lost, was it golden, crescent-shaped, with some runic marks on it?"

Xu Qing looked at the captain.

The captain was instantly excited. His totem shuddered and he exclaimed.

"That's right, that's right. It's golden. Little Qing, have you seen it before?"

Xu Qing thought about it and told the captain about his encounter with the clay fox.

The more the captain listened, the more his emotions fluctuated. Finally, he gasped.

"You mean that the clay fox wants you to eat my kidney to nourish your body?"

"I didn't eat."

Xu Qing calmly spoke.

"You might as well have eaten it. That way, I could have taken it out. What do we do now…" The captain's heart was a little chaotic and complicated as he let out a long sigh.

"Also, Little Qing, this clay fox isn't simple. I actually couldn't sense my kidney when it was with her. This in itself already shows that this person is extraordinary."

"In my memories of my previous life, there was no such existence. According to your description, she was sitting in a shrine. This is the layout of a god!"

Xu Qing's gaze froze. He had sensed the mysteriousness of the clay fox back then.

"In addition, she can take out so many precious things and even said that the kidney was given to her by someone else. If that's the case, it further confirms that this fox is definitely not ordinary. Maybe she is a god?"

When the captain said this, he trembled again and revealed grief and indignation.

"If she's really a god, where did she come from? Why did she take my kidney… Sigh, it's all my fault. Back then, I refined my kidney too well and actually attracted the attention of a god!"

 The captain had mixed feelings. There was helplessness and indignation, mixed with some pride. In the end, he looked at Xu Qing eagerly.

"Little Qing, how about…"

Before the captain could finish speaking, Xu Qing immediately interrupted him.

"Eldest Senior Brother, so be it if you have one less. Don't you still have one left? In my heart, you're still the complete Eldest Senior Brother."

As he spoke, Xu Qing turned to leave. He knew what the captain was trying to say.

"Wait a moment, Junior Brother!"

The captain became even more nervous and hurriedly called out.

"Junior Brother, this is a major matter that concerns us. Why don't you sacrifice yourself? If that clay fox is really a god, I think you won't suffer a loss!"

Xu Qing ignored him and walked toward the altar, wanting to leave.

"Little Qing, this concerns all living beings in the Moon Worship Region!"

"The most important thing is, this concerns my future! Having one of my kidneys in the hands of an unknown person is a huge risk. Without this kidney, I'm incomplete, and I won't be able to ultimately reunite my body!"

The captain was anxious and his voice was hurried. He seldom acted like this.

Xu Qing knew that his eldest senior brother was really flustered. Hence, he stopped in his tracks and hesitated. Recalling the scene of the clay fox, he had a faint feeling that the other party seemed to have deliberately taken out that kidney for him to see.

"Little Qing, there's a high chance that the clay fox let you know on purpose. However, she didn't have any ill intentions toward you at that time. I think she wanted you to look for her…"

"Alright, if you really don't want to, let me bear all this suffering. However, the promise I made to you back then, to accompany you in this lifetime, may not be fulfilled…"

The captain let out a long sigh and his expression was filled with loneliness.

When Xu Qing heard this, he nodded.

"Mm, thank you, Eldest Senior Brother."

As he spoke, he walked onto the altar.

The captain was stunned and hurriedly smiled awkwardly.

"Junior Brother, actually, that's not what I meant. I think there is still a chance left."

Xu Qing, who had walked to the altar, cast a helpless glance at the captain.

"I'll give it a try."

"You are a good brother!" The captain was thrilled. With the assurance from Xu Qing, he felt a great sense of relief, believing that with Xu Qing's help, he could get his kidney back.

Xu Qing sighed and returned to reality.

When he appeared, he was already in the back room of the apothecary. Just as he was about to think about how to deal with the clay fox, a trance-like expression appeared in Xu Qing's eyes. After a moment, he furrowed his brow and rubbed the center of his forehead.

"How should I trigger this forgetfulness domain?"

Xu Qing closed his eyes and pondered for a while. After that, his consciousness entered D132 again. He saw that his nascent soul and the god's finger were no longer touching each other, and there was a gap between them.

Xu Qing fell silent and decided to give it another try. Hence, he controlled his nascent soul to continue walking. After touching the finger, his expression became dazed again.

Just like that, time flowed by. Xu Qing was still studying his forgotten memories. Every time his nascent soul and the finger touched, the merging of fortune and misfortune would leave Xu Qing in a state of confusion.

It wasn't until both sides separated after a certain period of time that Xu Qing's daze would gradually fade away.

As for everyone in the apothecary, everything seemed normal.

Only the heir's expression became increasingly peculiar.

At that moment, he was sitting there and holding a teacup as he looked at Nether Fairy.

Ning Yan was wiping the ground and Ling'er was settling scores. Wu Jianwu, who was at the door, was also shouting. Li Youfei was hugging his sword and staring at everyone who came and went.

Nether Fairy was still boiling water.

However, Ning Yan usually only needed to mop the floor seven or eight times a day, but today he had already done it more than fifty times, seemingly unaware of it himself.

Ling Er's bookkeeping, the same accounts, had been calculated over and over again…

Wu Jianwu had repeated his poems multiple times throughout the day.

Li Youfei stood still, so his action didn't seem to have any abnormality, and he was completely unaware of all this abnormality.

As for Nether Fairy, she was very confused because she noticed that the water was actually boiling, and the teacup on the heir's table was mostly full, not requiring her to do anything.

However, unlike the others, after she sensed that something was wrong, a hint of struggle appeared in her eyes. At the next instant, her entire person trembled and her breathing became hurried. She suddenly looked at the surrounding people.

"What's going on!"

Nether Fairy revealed a solemn expression. She looked at the heir before looking at the back room where Xu Qing was.

'There's a strange power coming from the place that kid is at that can cause me to lose my memory?'

All of this caused Nether Fairy's heart to tremble.

"This is the 95th time you've woken up in the past few days. As the days pass, your waking time becomes slower."

The heir composedly spoke.

"The others didn't wake up once. However, that girl, Ling'er, is quite extraordinary. She woke up 15 times."

Nether Fairy gasped. Even she was shocked by such a bizarre expression. When the others heard these words, they were also stunned.

Ning Yan's eyes widened as he looked at the ground and then at the rag in his hand.

"I… I mopped it countless times in the past few days?"

Wu Jianwu was also stunned. He found it unbelievable that he could repeat a poem.

Ling'er's mind shook and Li Youfei was at a loss.

Nether Fairy couldn't help but speak in a low voice.

"Senior, is this caused by Xu Qing's cultivation?"

"That's right. This is the initial manifestation of the domain of forgetfulness. He is already walking on this path. Every time he studies it, everything around him will be affected, experiencing amnesia like him."

The heir took a sip of the tea.

"As for your current memories, when Xu Qing ends his cultivation this time, he will forget his research. You guys will also forget all of this."

Everyone gasped. Li Youfei trembled and suddenly spoke.

"Senior… I, I often lose something on me. Did young master refine pills again?"

The heir looked at Li Youfei and nodded.

"He forgot. He considered it was his first time refining, but in reality… he has already refined the pills from you a hundred times."

When Li Youfei heard this, his body softened. Just as endless fear rose in his heart, the heir's gaze landed outside the door and he composedly spoke.

"We have a guest."

Wu Jianwu, who was at the door, instinctively perked up. When he looked at the street, an old man silently walked over.

The old man looked solemn, exuding an air of seriousness and antiquity. After he appeared, he took a few steps and arrived outside the apothecary. His expression was respectful, as if on a pilgrimage, and he bowed profoundly toward the inside.

"Tian Nanzi of the Moon Rebel Hall requests to see the heir!"

This Tian Nanzi was none other than the fourth hall master!

This was the first time he had come to visit since he came to the Bitter Life Mountain Range. Originally, he wanted to come here to greet the heir as soon as possible. However, in the past seven to eight days, other than the cultivators under him setting up camp, he suddenly had other things to do.

The reason for this matter was Master Pill Nine of the Moon Rebel Hall.

Seven days ago, he made a trip to the Moon Rebel Hall and sought an audience outside Master Pill Nine's temple. Finally, he saw the statue of Master Pill Nine waking up.

So, he politely and sincerely asked if the Master could sell him more curse subduing pills and abandoned behind a method of communication of the Moon Rebel Hall.

Master Pill Nine agreed.

Every day after that, Master Pill Nine transmitted his voice to him many times, asking him to collect the medicine. There were times when he received messages seven or eight times a day and, on other occasions, dozens of times.

Although he didn't understand why there were so many messages, each time he received the pills, he felt extremely uplifted. Many of the cultivators under his command whose curses had intensified were able to resolve their crises, and with his personal intervention, he stabilized their injuries.

This was why he was delayed. He was finally free today and came to pay his respects.































































After about fifteen minutes, the fourth hall master left the apothecary.

The moment he walked out, he turned his head and looked at the apothecary with a strange glint in his eyes.

When he had entered the apothecary and met the heir, he maintained respect and etiquette during the entire conversation. Although they didn't talk much, he expressed his desire to follow the heir's orders.

The result was good, but the extraordinariness of the apothecary left an extremely deep impression on him.

"That young man who is wiping the ground has a bloodline that contains dense human race's power… He isn't ordinary. Also, I can sense some kind of blessing from the person who is reciting poems at the entrance!"

"There's also that Ancient Spirit girl. She has luck on her!"

"The servant girl who is boiling the water gives me a feeling of Soul Accumulation. Her soul is incomplete, probably because the soul was intervened by some high-ranking figure after the death of the ancient Soul Accumulation expert."

All of this discovery caused waves in the fourth hall master's heart. What astonished him even more was the back room…

"The entire apothecary is filled with the power of a strange authority. It should be related to forgetting. If one's cultivation isn't high enough, they will be unknowingly affected in the apothecary."

"This influence… Although it's only at the early stages, it still possesses the might to affect the soul. If it is cultivated successfully… it could dominate and replace the consciousness of all beings in a vast area, using them as vessels for its own cultivation."

"The source of this is in that back room, which is where the young man who came to pick me up before is."

"From the looks of it, these people have an extraordinary relationship with the heir, especially that young man who is referred to as the young master…"

The fourth hall master walked away with a pensive expression.

At that moment, in the back room, Xu Qing opened his eyes. The contact between D132's nascent soul and the god's finger also separated at this moment.

In an instant, a look of confusion appeared in his eyes. Simultaneously, everyone in the medicine shop also shook, their expressions becoming dazed, then losing the memories of the previous moments.



The starting point of this memory was the contact between Xu Qing's D132 nascent soul and the god's finger. The end point was their separation like at this moment.

However, this process was silent and natural.

Xu Qing frowned and picked up the recording jade token in front of him.

He had arranged this item according to the method he had used in the Prison Department back then to check the changes in him during this period. However, he didn't find any problems after looking through the recording.

From the start to the end, he had been meditating here.

"But why do I keep feeling like I've forgotten something?"

Xu Qing thought about it. With a wave of his hand, the Diamond Sect's ancestor flew out. The shadow on the ground also emitted fluctuations, transmitting information.

"Everything is normal?"

The recording jade token was only one of the arrangements. The shadow and the Diamond Sect's ancestor were other preparations by Xu Qing.

After that, he checked his surroundings and his storage bag to see if there were any other clues, but seeing that everything was fine, he thought about it and left the back room to head to the main hall.

Everyone in the hall was as usual. When Ling'er saw Xu Qing, she revealed a sweet smile and ran over.

"Brother Xu Qing, how's your cultivation? I feel like I'll make a breakthrough in the next few days."

Xu Qing stroked Ling'er's head and smiled. After that, he walked to the counter and lifted his hand to grab a recording jade token hidden on the beam.

This was what he had placed yesterday.

Although everything was normal in his perception these few days, Xu Qing kept feeling that something was amiss. Hence, he wanted to see if anything had changed in the outside world during his research.

At that moment, Xu Qing held it in his hand and checked it carefully. He discovered that everything was as normal.

There were no problems with the records in the jade token.

This caused even more doubts to rise in his heart.

"During my research, regardless of whether it was myself or the outside world, there were no changes? Then what have I been studying these few days?"

Xu Qing fell into deep thought.

 Not far away, the heir picked up his teacup and calmly glanced at Xu Qing, feeling comfortable in his heart.

The jade tokens… were naturally tampered by him.

"So, there is a day when this kid doesn't understand something. Haha, it feels good to watch.'

'However, this kid's comprehension is truly astonishing. If he forgets, then everything has to forget. This domain of forgetfulness is truly domineering."

At the thought of this, the heir decided that after observing for a few more days, he would go and enlighten Xu Qing to establish his dignity.

Xu Qing frowned. After he kept the jade token, he turned to look at the heir.

The heir's expression was calm and his gaze was deep.

Xu Qing thought about it. After cupping his fists, he entered the back room. When he sat down cross-legged, he recalled carefully.

However, no matter how he thought about it, there didn't seem to be anything wrong. It was just that he still felt that he had forgotten something, so he prepared to use his trump cards.

"Have I forgotten anything these few days? Or were there any abnormal reactions?"

Xu Qing spread out his divine sense and sent it into D132's god finger.

The god's finger pretended to be asleep and ignored him.

However, this behavior still caused Xu Qing to sense some clues.

"Agreement?"

Xu Qing narrowed his eyes. He still had another trump card. He took out a small bottle from his storage bag, and shook it slightly. Immediately, the sound of collision rang out and whispers rang out faintly.

Feeling that the activity inside was still good, Xu Qing opened the bottle. With his left hand, he captured something through the air. Suddenly, a ball of light flew out, rapidly expanding in front of him until it reached about five feet in size, before Xu Qing restrained it.

This was a tree-like brain.

It was the brain tree Xu Qing had captured from the Great Void World before he left Fenghai County.

At that time, he had caught a few of them. Now, he took one out and looked at it coldly.

This brain tree trembled. It clearly had a deep impression of Xu Qing and was filled with fear. It quickly shook and emitted sounds.

"Not hungry, won't eat… don't want to eat… I'm a good brain, won't eat a good brain."

Ignoring the other party's words, Xu Qing pressed his right hand against the brain tree and calmly spoke.

"Swallow all the memories of my meditation two days ago."

This brain tree trembled but it didn't dare to disobey. Hence, it carefully approached. The moment it came into contact with Xu Qing, its brain flashed with bolts of lightning.

As the lightning swam in the brain tree, Xu Qing didn't feel like he had lost his memory at all. However, the brain tree shuddered and it emitted a dazed emotion.

At this moment, it no longer transmitted emotions of fear.

Xu Qing paid close attention. Very soon, there were changes to the brain tree. It retreated a little and the trance disappeared. Fear rose again and it quickly shook its head.

"Not hungry, won't eat… don't want to eat… I'm a good brain, won't eat a good brain."

Xu Qing frowned and sensed that there was something wrong with this brain tree. It had repeated its words. Moreover, from the looks of it, it didn't seem to know that it had repeated them. It was as though it had forgotten about the devouring earlier.

Xu Qing thought about it and lifted his hand again. Just as he was about to continue testing, the brain tree's body suddenly trembled intensely. In a few breaths, it collapsed and turned into dust that scattered on the ground.

Xu Qing's eyes gleamed. After pondering for a while, he took out another brain tree and continued to try. After a few times, when five of the brain trees died, he took a deep breath and some unbelievable understanding surfaced in his heart.

"Every time they devour the memories of me studying the concept of forgetfulness, they will automatically forget it, thinking that they haven't devoured it before…"

"In other words, after they ate my memories, they all lost this portion of memories and don't remember eating it."

"Then their body won't be able to withstand it and they'll collapse and die…"

"That part of my memory can't be remembered?"

Xu Qing rubbed his forehead. He recalled that he had been feeling like he had forgotten something these few days.

"Could it be that I'm also affected by this domain I comprehended?"

Just as Xu Qing was thinking about how to verify it, he suddenly sensed a fluctuation coming from the highest hall of the Moon Rebel Hall. That was the captain calling out.

Only then did Xu Qing remember that it had been a long time since he had gone to deliver oil to the captain. Hence, he took out the mirror and stepped into the supreme hall.

As soon as he entered, he heard the captain's excited voice coming from the gate.

"How's the progress, Little Qing? It's been a few days. Can my kidney be saved? Have you gotten it back?"

Xu Qing was startled.

"What kidney?"

The captain was also stunned. A small totem appeared on the gate and stared at Xu Qing.

"Junior Brother, stop fooling around. Don't joke about my kidney. That's extremely important to me."

Xu Qing frowned and looked at the captain, falling silent for a moment.

"Eldest Senior Brother, I seem to have forgotten some things."

Erniu's eyes widened. Looking at Xu Qing's expression and confirming that Xu Qing had really forgotten, he took a profound breath.

"Have you comprehended something strange recently?"

Xu Qing nodded.

"The crown prince asked me to comprehend the domain of forgetfulness."

When Erniu heard this, he sighed.

"Junior Brother, why are you comprehending randomly again… Have you forgotten what you promised me? You really don't remember promising me 100 million spirit stones?"

Xu Qing was expressionless as he looked at the captain.

The captain looked extremely sincere.

"Really, Little Qing, you really promised me. Moreover, you promised me to help me get my kidney back. You remember the clay fox, right? You told me that she has taken a fancy to your yang essence. I didn't make this up. Think about it yourself."

Xu Qing closed his eyes. He didn't believe the captain's words about 100 million spirit stones. According to the captain's personality, this must be fake.

However, he recalled that he had never told the captain about the clay fox. Now that the other party had mentioned it, he seemed to have really forgotten about it.

At that moment, he finally understood why he sensed that he had forgotten something when he was at the apothecary.

He nodded and asked.

"What happened to your kidney?"

The captain sighed. He sensed that Xu Qing's domain of forgetfulness was shameless and unreasonable. Back then, he had spent a lot of effort to get him to agree. If he were to put it simply now, he was worried that Xu Qing would refuse to help.

Hence, he could only recall the sorrow and anxiety he felt back then and repeat what he had said along with apt expressions.

Like this, like this, in this way…

After Xu Qing finished hearing it, he was about to refuse when the captain sighed again and pondered to himself that it was the same last time. Hence, he used the same excuse he had used before.

After saying everything, he sensed very tired and peered at Xu Qing eagerly.

Xu Qing hesitated. In the end, he nodded and twisted to leave.

Seeing that Xu Qing was about to leave, the captain was a little worried and shouted.

"Go back and help me find my kidney first. Junior Brother, don't continue comprehending. I really don't want to repeat this conversation the next time I see you… It's so tiring to repeat it again and again…"

Xu Qing returned.

He stood in the back room and pondered for a moment before sighing.

"I will go look for it."

With that, Xu Qing's body swayed and he disappeared from the apothecary.

He didn't tell Ling'er about his departure.































































The wind from the desert came from the sky, as though a huge hole had been revealed in the sky. Endless sandstorms swept through every inch of the desert.

It covered the sky, shrouding everything in a blur.

The wailing sounds, akin to countless cries, gathered and formed a lamentation that seemed capable of tearing apart the soul.

If ordinary people that were not native to this place were here, their souls would undoubtedly struggle to endure for too long. Even cultivators faced the same challenge. Only those native to the desert could remain unaffected.

At that moment, Xu Qing was walking in the desert. His expression was calm. He wore a tall hat and there was an ancient artificial sun tied to his waist. His footsteps were relaxed.

Even though the sand was soft, he walked on it like he was walking on a flat ground, and there was no dent.

He could already perfectly control the strength of every step his body took. Due to the agreement, the wind here didn't obstruct him at all.

Just like that, a few days later, Xu Qing arrived at the edge of the desert.

Standing there, he turned his head and looked at the desert behind him.

"Unknowingly, I've been here for more than a year…"

Xu Qing mumbled to himself. This time around, he had only told the heir before departing. He didn't say anything to the others. As for Ling'er… Xu Qing felt that it was better not to say anything to prevent her from worrying.

"Clay fox…"

Recalling the scene back then, Xu Qing frowned slightly. He fell silent for a while before taking a step out of the desert range.

He headed toward the strange valley he had passed by on the way to the Sacrificial Yin River.

Three days passed in the blink of an eye.



On the third night, under the starry sky, the swiftly speeding Xu Qing saw the valley in the distance.

When viewed from the sky, it was actually a canyon running east to west. Many fractures existed near the western end, forming one small valley after another.

However, in reality, the true length of this canyon was unknown. It extended eastward into a range of continuous black mountains, making it difficult to see the depths at a glance.

As for the name of this mountain range, due to the sparse population in this area, there was no official name. Xu Qing observed the same when looking at the map.

At that moment, the sky was dark red and blood light splattered down. The canyon looked like a blood-colored ravine

Xu Qing was vigilant and cautiously landed. He walked to the valley where he had rested that day and stood there, staring into the depths as he waited silently.

The surroundings were silent. Only the wind blew through the canyon and the grass on the ground swayed, causing Xu Qing's hair to flutter. It then turned into a hint of coldness that seeped through his skin and into his entire body.

Gradually, it formed a sinister feeling.

Xu Qing was unmoved and continued to wait.

According to his and the captain's judgment, this clay fox was extraordinary. Hence, the other party would definitely be able to sense his arrival, especially since the other party had also said back then that Xu Qing could come over at any time.

Xu Qing didn't have to wait long. In just ten minutes or so, the faint sound of gongs and drums could be heard coming from afar. There was also the sharp sound of suona, breaking through the wind and shaking the night.

The sound grew louder.

Xu Qing looked into the depths of the canyon. He saw a group of figures swaying over in the fog-filled world.

There were over a hundred of them, and they were all clay figures.

They carried a stone shrine. Wherever they passed, the fog would follow. The cold wind in the surroundings became even stronger. As it swept across the valley, weeds and leaves rose into the air.

Xu Qing had only looked for a few moments, and the clay figures carrying the shrine in the distance seemed to have shuttled through space. After a few flashes, they appeared in front of Xu Qing.

They stopped before him.

As the clay figures stopped in their tracks, the sound of the gongs, drums, and suona also stopped in unison.

All the clay figures turned their heads in unison amidst the spreading fog and the cold wind and looked at Xu Qing. The dozens of figures carrying the shrine even squatted down and brought the shrine to Xu Qing, inviting him in.

Xu Qing was expressionless as he looked at the clay figures in front of him. His gaze then landed on the shrine they were carrying.

 There was no clay fox there, only a stone futon.

He understood what the other party meant. The other party wanted him to ride on the shrine.

After pondering for a while, Xu Qing glanced at the sky before stepping into the shrine.

Everything inside this shrine was made of clay, but the colors were much more vibrant. There were also all kinds of drawings on the interior of the shrine.

These drawings had different shapes but what they portrayed was the worship of different races. What those races were worshiping was a hexagonal star totem..

This star carried a sense of ancientness and sacredness, as if it were a god.

Xu Qing observed carefully. In the end, his gaze landed on the mural in front of him.

There was a fox totem in the hexagon there.

Xu Qing remained silent. He had already thought about it on the way here. Since he was here, he might as well take things as they came. He sat cross-legged on the stone futon.

The moment he sat down, the shrine suddenly sank.

The bodies of the dozens of clay figures in the surroundings shook, but in the next moment, the peculiar shrine itself shimmered with a pink light, neutralizing all the weight. Following that, all the clay figures effortlessly lifted the shrine.

When Xu Qing saw this scene, he fell into deep thought. Just then, the sounds of gongs and drums rang out again. The direction of these hundred clay figures changed, and they carried Xu Qing straight into the depths of the canyon.

They moved through the fog all the way. The sound of the wind accompanying them seemed to be able to pierce and shatter anything. As for Xu Qing, who was in the shrine, he saw his surroundings changing rapidly due to the astonishing speed.

In fact, because the speed was too fast, everything became blurry, and vaguely, one could see the sun, moon, and stars rotating, the mountain ranges and rivers undulating, and numerous worlds seemingly intersecting.

"We aren't going to the depths of the canyon!"

Xu Qing's expression turned serious, and soon he sensed a difference again. The outside world became pitch black, the sound of the wind disappeared, all noises ceased, and a pressure descended upon the surroundings.

"Is this the underground?"

After careful observation, Xu Qing confirmed his analysis, and a vast underground cavern appeared in his sight.

The underground cavern was vast, scattered with countless pieces of rubble, giving it a sense of ruins. It exuded an ancient aura, making one feel the weight of the years and a profound sense of antiquity upon approaching.

Suspended in mid-air within the cavern was a temple.

This temple was anything but ordinary. It was hanging upside-down, it was constructed from the bizarre fusion of flesh, mud, and stone, with numerous tentacle-like structures of similar material extending in all directions, connecting the upper and lower parts.

From afar, it looked like a ball cactus.

The clay figures that brought Xu Qing here came to a halt. The shrine sank and landed on the ground. Subsequently, all the clay figures bowed in worship towards the inverted temple, remaining still.

Xu Qing silently walked forward, gazing at everything. As ripples surged in his heart, the inverted temple's doors opened without a sound, seemingly welcoming him.

Through the opened doors, Xu Qing could clearly see the starry sky forming the ceiling, the sun and moon serving as pillars. Tall clay figures stood inside the grand hall, and the grandeur of the scenario surpassed anything Xu Qing had witnessed in his entire life.

Inside, there were no offerings, only a massive mural that caught the eye.

Despite everything being inverted due to the suspended temple, Xu Qing could still discern the mural's content.

In the mural was a sea.

Strangely, in the sky of the painting, there were numerous fish and shrimp, varying in size.

Below in the deep sea, countless birds were portrayed flying underwater.

It seemed as if everything was reversed, with birds that should have been in the sky now turned into fish in the sea, and the fish transformed into birds. It was unclear whether they had exchanged roles or if the scenario depicted was inherently a bizarre world.

Between the sea and the sky, there was a statue sitting cross-legged.

This statue was of a gigantic clay fox, dressed in a red robe and with rouge applied to its face. In the depiction, the statue opened its eyes and looked at Xu Qing, giving a charming smile.

After that, it stood up and walked out of the world on the murals step by step.

The instant it stepped out, its appearance changed, transforming into a bewitching woman.

The red robe on the woman turned into a veil, gently covering her snow-white skin, giving the impression that a light breeze could make the veil slide down her fragrant shoulders.

The contrast between the red and pink accentuated her alluring figure.

The towering bosom, the straight and slender legs faintly visible through the red veil, and the tail swaying with her movements all added to her charm.

Her slender waist, barely graspable, and the seductive curves of her hips and buttocks, combined with the graceful sway of her body, created an irresistible allure.

With a few steps, the woman walked out of the shrine and walked toward Xu Qing in this cavern that looked like ruins.

From a distance, this scenario surprisingly carried a sense of beauty—broken land, desolate ruins, pitch-black cavern, the suspended temple, and numerous worshiping clay statues in the surroundings.

All of this caused the woman who was strolling over to become the only dazzling light in this place.

Just like that, she walked step by step to Xu Qing.

The fragrant wind blew into his face and an uncontrollable restlessness rose in Xu Qing's body, transforming into streams of heat that ran amok uncontrollably in his body. It was like countless violent wild beasts wanted to erupt in his body.

Xu Qing's breathing was hurried. Although he had experienced such scenes before, it was different this time.

However, he knew that this was the influence of level.

"It must be the level!"

Xu Qing's will was firm. He took a deep breath and took a few steps back before bowing.

"Greetings, Senior."

The clay fox's jade-like feet paused slightly. Her hair and the red veil on her body were lifted by the wind and fluttered in front of Xu Qing.

At that moment, the fluctuations in her limpid phoenix eyes weren't gentle but a wild sea of fire, causing her entire person to radiate heat. She gazed directly at Xu Qing, unable to resist licking her moist, red lips.

Her voice, tender and soft, echoed in all directions.

"Young Master, long time no see."

As she spoke, the clay sly walked with graceful steps and circled around Xu Qing while swaying her enchanting waist.

She took a light sniff and her face was filled with intoxication.

"The smell has become even more tempting. I'm really gazing forward to it."































































"During the time we haven't met, I dreamt of your fragrance several times. It's truly haunting. With such cultivation, and still maintaining the original yang essence, it's indeed rare in the world."

"It's a pity that you are young and don't know how to appreciate the charm of a big sister. You mistook the little snake for a treasure, breaking Sister[1]'s heart."

The woman covered her perky bosom, her voice coquettish with a sweet and mellow tone, like a valley's warbling or a tinkling spring, reminiscent and delightful.

When it landed in Xu Qing's ears, it seeped into his mind, causing his breathing to become hurried again. He instinctively moved away a little and turned his head to look at the woman behind him.

"Don't run, brother. Sister forgives you."

"Who asked you to be so tempting? Sister's really happy to see you."

The clay fox's beautiful eyes were filled with anticipation. Her fiery gaze seemed to be able to see Xu Qing clearly from the inside out. There was also a wanton smile on her beautiful face as she puffed out her chest and moved closer to Xu Qing.

"Have you finally opened up or come to a realization this time? You even came to find me secretly all by yourself."

Xu Qing instinctively retreated. However, when he took a step back, the clay fox took a step forward. The red veil on her body looked like it was about to slip.

This scene was like an impatient bully seeing a young girl waiting in her room. He pressed on while taking off her clothes one by one.

In the end, Xu Qing had nowhere to retreat. He took a deep breath and kept his face expressionless as he spoke.

"Senior, I came here this time to discuss the kidney from last time."

The clay fox licked her lips and smiled, waving her hand.

"That's a small matter. It's just a kidney. Let's not waste time. Come, sit at Big Sister's house for a while. Later, Big Sister will personally cook and stew that kidney for you."

As she spoke, she was about to bring Xu Qing to the inverted temple in the air.

"Don't worry, Sister will be very gentle."



Xu Qing's scalp went numb. He circulated all his cultivation and spoke in a low voice.

"Senior, that's not what I meant. I wanted to…"

Before Xu Qing could finish speaking, the clay fox smiled lightly. With a raise of her hand, a crescent-shaped golden kidney appeared out of thin air on her jade hand. The kidney emitted golden light that illuminated the surroundings.

There were also astonishing energy fluctuations spreading out from the kidney, emitting an ancient aura.

Back then, Xu Qing's cultivation and horizons were limited, but now that he saw the kidney again, his eyes revealed a strange glint. He could vaguely tell that there was indeed a trace of the captain's aura on it.

"Is it this?" A hint of joy appeared in the clay fox's eyes.

Xu Qing nodded.

"Junior wants to buy this kidney."

The clay fox's watery eyes became even more charming. A layer of mysterious fog seemed to spread out from her eyes, dyeing the surroundings pink.

"Why, little brother, do you have to be so straightforward? It takes away all the fun. Just follow big sister, and not only will you get one kidney, but I'll make sure to get you another one."

"This was originally what I promised you back then to nourish your body. However… what do you want to exchange for it?"

"Your yang essence?"

At the mention of the yang essence, the fervor in the clay fox's eyes grew even more intense. She bit her red lips and looked at Xu Qing as though she was looking at a treasure.

Even her voice became much sweeter than before, as though it was soaked in honey.

Although Xu Qing was prepared before he came here, such a gaze still instinctively made him feel uneasy.

"Senior, all six of my masters have given me similar advice… I may not be able to fulfill this request, but I have a senior disciple who can surely satisfy you."

"I joined the sect later, but my Eldest Senior Brother entered many years earlier than me. He also cultivates the same cultivation art and also has a body of yang essence. Senior, you can pluck it whenever you want."

Xu Qing's expression was serious and honest as he looked at the clay fox.

The clay fox's eyes lit up.

 "Let me see what he looks like."

Xu Qing immediately took out a jade slip and manifested his eldest senior brother's appearance. He also adjusted it to make him even more handsome.

However, when the clay fox swept her gaze over, she curled her lips in disdain.

"Too ugly! So ugly. No matter how thick his yang essence is, I won't be able to stomach it."

Xu Qing fell silent and was about to speak when the clay fox casually waved her hand and tossed the golden kidney to Xu Qing.

Xu Qing was stunned and immediately caught it.

The clay fox lifted her head and glanced at the pitch-black world above. She then smiled nonchalantly and looked at Xu Qing.

"You don't have to rack your brains to think about how to trade."

"You, this little brother, always know how to refuse me. Actually, think about it, as my companion, who would dare to provoke you in the future? Just serve me obediently, isn't that better?"

"However, Sister's not someone who takes advantage of others. You are the one who will suffer a huge loss if you trade your yang essence for this kidney. It's no wonder you won't agree.

"Forget it, forget it. Who asked you to be so tempting? I'll give you this kidney as a deposit. I'll trade for your yang essence when I find a better treasure."

"As for now, do me a favor and accompany me somewhere. Use your yang essence to pave the way for me."

With that, the clay fox waved her jade-like hand forward. Immediately, ripples appeared in front of her and the void tore apart on its own, transforming into a huge gap that looked like a passageway.

This gap was unstable, sometimes opening and sometimes closing, as if there was a struggle between two opposing forces within.

As for the interior, it was pitch black, with faint roars that sent shivers down the spine, emitting a terrifying aura and a boundless chill. Ordinary cultivators, with just a slight touch, would surely have their body and soul shattered.

However, in this cavern, this coldness was clearly suppressed and couldn't spread much.

"Let's go." The clay fox smiled and turned around. Her figure swayed slightly and she moved with graceful steps. Her alluring figure, which was covered in veil, swayed as she walked into the gap.

She didn't go deep. Instead, she stood there and turned to look at Xu Qing with a smile.

Xu Qing lowered his head and silently looked at the kidney in his hand. He then looked at the clay fox in the gap. He pondered for a while.

Finally, determination appeared in his eyes as he walked forward.

The cold wind blew his clothes. Xu Qing stepped into the gap and walked into the darkness with the clay fox.

As Xu Qing entered, the gap quickly disappeared.

The pressure inside the cavern also disappeared at this instant. A long time later, fluctuations appeared here and two figures appeared.

They were the heir and Princess Mingmei.

Xu Qing naturally wouldn't rashly barge in alone. When he arrived, he had already asked the heir for advice. Hence, on the way, the heir and Princess Mingmei were actually secretly following him.

At that moment, they looked at the spot where the gap disappeared with solemn expressions.

"This kid's judgment isn't wrong. It's indeed a god. She sensed us but didn't mind and allowed us to peep."

"However, I can sense that She doesn't have any ill intentions toward Xu Qing… Moreover, the one who came wasn't Her main body but a wisp of divine sense. As for Her origin, I'm unable to determine it for the time being."

"Her motive is also unknown."

"I originally planned to stop Her just now, but why did you stop me?"

The heir looked at his third sister beside him.

Princess Mingmei was silent for a while before speaking.

"The high gods of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race are divided into the sun, moon, and star. Among them, the Sun God is in a deep sleep, the Moon God is active, and the Star God is shrouded in mystery… The layout of this place should be somewhat related to that mysterious Star Flame High God."

"This is also the reason why I stopped you. I can roughly guess her motive. This is Xu Qing's opportunity."

When the heir heard this, he fell into profound thought.

At that moment, Xu Qing and the clay fox were moving forward in the gap.

The clay fox held a lantern in her hand which emitted a gentle light.

Upon closer inspection, one could see that the light of this lantern came from Xu Qing.

Countless fine light spots drifted out of Xu Qing's body. They were guided by the clay fox and fused into the lantern, forming a source of light.

Outside the light source, it was pitch-black like the abyss. There was no path at all, only endless cold wind, accompanied by waves of shocking roars and wails.

However, it was obvious that the light of this lantern possessed a suppressive force. Even though the roars in the surroundings grew increasingly intense, no existence dared to approach. As the two of them moved forward, the darkness split apart like ink.

Looking at all of this, Xu Qing followed silently and cautiously. He didn't know what this place was but he could sense dense anomalous substances outside the range of the light.

Moreover, it wasn't just one type but multiple.

Xu Qing fell into deep thought. After that, he looked at the lantern in the clay fox's hand.

He could already tell that what seemed to be the light of the lantern suppressing this place was actually… the lantern itself.

The function of light was more to guide the way.

As they moved forward, the light from the lantern seemed to resonate with a certain destination.

"This yang essence is really pure."

While Xu Qing was observing, the clay fox let out a soft cry. Her voice was very beautiful, causing one to feel comfortable and relaxed in this void-like world.

Xu Qing retracted his gaze from the lantern and suddenly spoke.

"Senior, the yang essence shouldn't be necessary to enter this place, right? With Senior's ability, you can easily enter any place."

The clay fox turned her head and looked at Xu Qing with her beautiful eyes, revealing a hint of admiration.

"Stinky brother's reaction is quite fast."

"That's right. The effect of your yang essence is to guide the way. This is because the place we're going to is one you've been to before."

When Xu Qing heard this, his gaze froze.

At this moment, the light of the lantern in front of him suddenly intensified. Under the brightness, it dispersed the darkness in the distant void, revealing the mouth of a gap.

"We're here." The clay fox's expression was saturated with anticipation, her enchanting eyes sparkling, and her voluptuous chest undulating with excitement. In the midst of the surging movement, the thin veil also slightly slipped.

"I've finally found you."

The clay fox instantly walked a few steps and resided beside the gap, looking inside.

Xu Qing's heart was also solemn as he looked at the gap.

It was saturated with gray light, as though there was a sandstorm inside. In the depths resided an primordial wooden door that was faintly discernible in the wind.

On the wooden door, one could vaguely see shocking scratches… They exuded bizarreness, desolation, and gloom.

When Xu Qing saw this, his core trembled.

He had been here before.

[1] She is referring to herself as big sister. It doesn't mean siblings.































































He had seen this door before!

The first time he saw it was on the God Slaying Platform. The captain had gathered the faith of all living beings to open a path to the land of a god. This door had appeared there!

It was exactly the same. Even the scratches on it were the same.

This was the second time he was seeing it.

The environment and aura in the gap gave Xu Qing a sense of familiarity, causing him to immediately realize that this place… was the place the captain had gone to that day.

'The place the clay fox is looking for is actually this!'

Xu Qing remembered very clearly that at that time, the heir and the others had said that the existence at that land of god was a high god of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race!

The term 'high god' represented terror and supremacy.

Crimson Goddess was a high god, and the master of the land of the wicked was also a high god.

Although the strengths of the gods were different, no matter how weak a high god was, they still possessed astonishing might. Their powers couldn't be imagined by ordinary people.

Hence, Xu Qing's mind continued to stir.

He remembered very clearly that the captain had stood in front of this wooden door and made an agreement with the high god inside. The other party had given him a strand of gray hair.

The gray wind in the entire desert was also formed because of this hair.

'The high god behind this door has long made a deal with Eldest Senior Brother in his past life… With Her help, Eldest Senior Brother used the ritual dance technique to hide his body parts.'



'As for the green sand desert, it's the agreed place between them.'

'This is a trump card that Eldest Senior Brother has set up for countless years against the Crimson Goddess!'

These scenes appeared in Xu Qing's mind and a huge commotion stirred in his heart. He had connected everything.

'Also, when I was in the clay fox's shrine, I saw that the object the myriad races worshiped was a hexagonal star… The Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race has three high gods, the sun, moon, and star…'

Xu Qing abruptly turned his head and looked at the clay fox.

He had already guessed the other party's identity.

The clay fox smiled sweetly at Xu Qing, her face revealing a flirtatious expression. Her charming body swayed as she walked leisurely toward the gap, arriving in front of the door.

"Big Sister, I finally found your mark."

The clay fox's voice was coquettish, and when it entered the ears, it could cause ripples in the heart, turning into a vortex, as if it could suck all thoughts into it, mesmerizing and reluctant to wake up.

The door remained unchanged. There was also no sign of the intense banging at the door like when the captain arrived that day.

However, the cold and evil intent in the surroundings was even more obvious. The anomalous substances here became even denser, causing everything to become blurry. Thin fog started to spread in all directions.

These might pose a huge obstruction to cultivators but they were clearly useless against the clay fox.

As she laughed, she walked toward the wooden door.

"It seems that you want to descend here in the future, sister, so you left behind a divine soul door. Interesting."

"In those years, I noticed that sister, you were acting mysteriously, as if you wanted to keep something to yourself. So, little sister has been figuring out what you wanted to have all these years."

The clay fox licked her lips and a pink light appeared in her eyes as she stood in front of the gate.

Almost at the instant she stopped, a large amount of blood seeped out through the gap in the wooden door and rapidly covered the ground.

Xu Qing also approached the gap from the void. However, he didn't step in. Instead, he stood at the edge and watched carefully.

The clay fox ignored the blood on the ground and spoke, her voice still gentle.

"Sister, I have been working hard all these years. Until I found a kidney, and on it, I smelled your aura. Although it was very faint, how could it be hidden from me?"

"At that time, I vaguely guessed your motive. However, in order to monopolize the food, you concealed too deeply and even avoided your younger sister, causing her to search hard."

 "However, this world is just so interesting."

The clay fox laughed and turned to look at Xu Qing. His body swayed wildly amidst her laughter and the veil slipped off a bit more, creating an intense enchanting feeling at this moment.

"I actually sensed karma on this little brother. At that time, my divinity told me that he would see you soon, sister."

"He would become my guide to find you."

"See, this is the reason for everything. I didn't lie to you at all."

"Now, I'm sure what you want to eat."

Just as the clay fox said this, a rumbling sound rang out from beyond the wooden door. It was as though someone was angrily attacking the door from the inside. In an instant, this area shook violently.

The blood on the ground also rapidly rose into the air, transforming into a bright moon that hung high up. The moonlight illuminated the surroundings, forming divine might that swept through everything.

Even though Xu Qing was at the edge of the gap and hadn't truly stepped in, he still felt his mind shaking. His whole body was shaking.

"Useless thing!" Xu Qing's gaze was calm as he reprimanded the god's finger inwardly.

After all, this body was created by the god's finger and It was also a god. To think that this body was so useless.

The god's finger was filled with grief and indignation but It didn't dare to give any response and continued to pretend to be dead.

Xu Qing didn't bother with it and resisted the aura in front of him with all his might. The Purple Moon power in his body also fluctuated.

This was especially so for his authority. It emitted a sense of restlessness that permeated Xu Qing's entire body, sharing his burden.

However, even so, Xu Qing still couldn't withstand it.

"Sister, why is your temper still so bad?"

Just as the surroundings distorted and turned blurry, the clay fox chuckled. The sun, moon, and stars appeared behind her and transformed into the starry sky. All the starlight in the starry sky gathered and formed a hexagonal star.

As soon as this totem appeared, the tremors here became even more intense, as though two invisible forces were colliding here.

Most of the pressure on Xu Qing's side dissipated instantly.

This collision didn't last long. In an instant, they retracted their attacks. After peace was restored, a voice rang out from the wooden door for the first time.

It was a woman's voice that was filled with disgust.

"Coquettish fox, speak properly!"

The clay fox didn't mind the word 'coquettish' at all; it seemed that, for her, this word represented a kind of affirmation of her charm, so she grinned brightly.

"Sure, sister. But eating alone might not be a good idea. That's the Crimson Goddess…"

At the mention of Crimson Goddess, a hint of wariness flashed in the eyes of the clay fox.

"If it's just you, be careful that you won't even get to eat but instead strength have to pay an unbearable price. So… sister, how about doing it together?"

A cold snort rang out from the wooden door. At the next instant, the scratch marks on it seemed to have come alive and squirmed on their own. They gathered together to form a closed eye.

After that, the eye abruptly opened.

The anomalous substances suddenly intensified at this moment, and the sense of distortion was equally strong, accompanied by whispers echoing in all directions.

That was the god's eye.

It was golden with dual-pupils and carried a cold intent. It didn't look at the clay fox but at Xu Qing.

With this glance, Xu Qing's heart trembled and all the authorities in his body erupted one after another. However, it was still difficult to neutralize the power of this gaze. Black gas rose from his body, which was a sign of being invaded by anomalous substances.

The life-and-death crisis erupted abruptly.

Every inch of his body seemed to be screaming and shivering. It was being tainted, and was rotting, seemingly on the verge of disintegrating.

Xu Qing didn't bother with his body and only maintained the independence of his soul. The god's finger finally couldn't pretend to be asleep. It swore and erupted with all Its might to repair Its body…

Seeing this, Xu Qing calmed down and cupped his fists, bowing to the eye on the door.

"Greetings, Senior!"

The god's eye on the door revealed a strange glint.

"I remember you. You came with that damn thief last time. This time, you came with this coquettish fox."

Before Xu Qing could speak, the clay fox took light steps and stood between Xu Qing and the eye on the door. She blocked the gaze, thereby relieving the pressure on Xu Qing.

Then, she turned back coquettishly, glanced at Xu Qing with a look full of affection.

"Little brother, don't be afraid, sister is here."

With that, she turned to look at the wooden door and smiled.

"Sister, this is your brother-in-law. You better not have your eyes on his yang essence; it belongs to me."

The god's eye on the door stared at the clay fox. After a long time, It let out a frigid snort but didn't say anything. Its eyes slowly closed and turned back into scratches.

Clearly, the Moon Flame High God had chosen to acquiesce to the clay fox's suggestion.

"Thank you, big sister."

The clay fox's smile was like a hundred flowers in full bloom, incomparably beautiful. In reality, even if she didn't have that charm on her, she was still peerless beauty. Her coquettish demeanor added an extra allure, making her truly captivating.

In this moment, as she raised her hand and waved, the void around them seemed to compress. With a cracking sound, a clay door materialized out of thin air, standing next to the wooden door.

"Sister, I'll take my leave first."

The clay fox walked toward the clay door. When she reached the door, she turned her head and looked at Xu Qing. She blinked and her watery eyes revealed a gaze of temptation.

"Little brother, do you want to come to my house for a while?"

Xu Qing's expression was serious as he politely rejected.

Laughter echoed. The clay fox's gaze was filled with anticipation as she pointed at Xu Qing.

"Then you have to take good care of your yang essence that belongs to me. I'll leave first. Remember to call me when it's time to feast."

She waved her jade-like hand at Xu Qing.

Immediately, a layer of fog swept up a silver bone and headed straight for Xu Qing. Before Xu Qing could touch it, this fog enveloped his entire body.

At the next instant, it was as though the stars had shifted, as though time had reversed. Everything was flowing in the opposite direction in Xu Qing's perception. His body left the land of god and moved in the void path in reverse.

The fog disappeared in the blink of an eye and Xu Qing's figure emerged in the valley.

The sky was still red and the frigid wind was still blowing.

The grass in the valley swayed and rustled. There was no one around.

Xu Qing stood there as though he had never stepped onto the shrine to head underground and then to the land of the god. It was as though everything was just a dream.

He couldn't help but feel a little dazed. After a while, he lowered his head and opened his palm.

There was a silver bone in his palm.

He recalled that when he first saw the clay fox, the other party had taken out such an item and called it the Ancient Spirit Race's bone pill. It was very useful for Ancient Spirit Race cultivators.

After a long time, Xu Qing took a deep breath and cupped his fists and bowed in the direction of the depths of the canyon.

"Thank you, Senior."































































A god's power was unfathomable.

This trip with the clay fox allowed Xu Qing to have a deeper understanding of this point. At the same time, his understanding of gods also deepened.

"There is no good or evil in gods."

"Everything depends on preferences."

Xu Qing mumbled and carefully recalled the gods he had encountered in his life, all of them fitting this pattern without exception.

"For example, the questions I am contemplating at this moment are akin to ants pondering my actions. Their thoughts and actions are inscrutable."

"Only when divinity controls the bestial nature, and human nature dissipates, can I possess a thinking pattern similar to Theirs."

Xu Qing was flying toward the desert. Recalling his experience this time around, he couldn't help but turn his head and look at the canyon in the distance.

"Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race…"

Xu Qing remained silent as he continued to speed forward.

In the blink of an eye, several days passed.

The sandstorm swept in front of Xu Qing. The gray wind blocked all outsiders from entering but this didn't affect the desert cultivators.

Xu Qing wasn't sure if it was an illusion but when he entered the sandstorm this time around, he felt that this storm seemed to be more different to him.

"This storm is formed from the hair of the Moon Flame High God, and I've seen Her earlier…"

Xu Qing fell into deep thought. A long period later, he stopped and tried to see if his guess was correct. He gently waved his hand.



"Scatter."

The storm continued to rumble.

Xu Qing silently retracted his palm and continued forward.

However, not long after he moved forward, the storm in his surroundings suddenly shook and spread out in front of him, revealing a huge gap like a canyon.

The storms on both sides of the opening were like walls that connected the sky and earth. Only this thousand-foot gap was empty.

Xu Qing's eyes gleamed. He cupped his fists toward the storm and sped away.

Not long later, the Bitter Life Mountain Range was in sight.

Looking at the familiar mountain range and earth city, Xu Qing's heart calmed down. With a sway, he disappeared from the air. When he reappeared, he was already in the back room of the apothecary. The moment he walked out, Ling'er, who was distractedly calculating, quickly lifted her head.

"Brother Xu Qing!"

Ling'er was very fast. She threw her beloved account book aside and headed straight for Xu Qing. Her small face was filled with joy and one couldn't see any abnormality as she hugged Xu Qing.

"Brother Xu Qing, where did you go? Why didn't you tell me? I was very worried…"

Ling'er said while burying her head in Xu Qing's arms, but she sniffed a few times imperceptibly, as though she was investigating.

Ning Yan and Wu Jianwu quickly swept their gazes over, looking like they were watching a show.

Nether Fairy snorted coldly as she boiled water.

"Men, hehe."

Xu Qing looked at the heir who was drinking tea.

The heir acted as though nothing had happened.

Xu Qing realized that the heir must have told Ling'er about him going to look for the clay fox.

However, Xu Qing didn't mind this. He took out a storage bag and handed it to Ling'er.

"I went to look for the clay figure we saw last period to handle Eldest Senior Brother's matter. Also, this is for you."

 Xu Qing spoke softly.

Ling'er instinctively took it with a puzzled expression. After opening it, her eyes suddenly lit up.

"Ancient Spirit Bone Pill!"

Xu Qing smiled and rubbed Ling'er's head.

"Hurry up and cultivate. This item is quite helpful for your cultivation."

"Thank you, Brother Xu Qing. Brother Xu Qing is really good." Ling'er was extremely happy. She thought that Brother Xu Qing was the best to her. It turned out that this time he went out to help her acquire this treasure.

Thinking of this, she felt a bit guilty about her earlier suspicions and quickly spoke up.

"Brother Xu Qing, it's been a long time since I displayed my culinary skills. I'll cook a few dishes for you today."

Xu Qing originally wanted to refuse, but after taking a look at the heir, he smiled and nodded.

Ling'er was even happier. She took the bone pill and ran to the kitchen, preparing to cook.

Xu Qing sat in front of the heir and spoke softly.

"Senior, She is the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race's High God Star Flame?"

The heir nodded slightly and put down his teacup.

"Her goal?"

"It's the same as High God Flame Moon. Moreover, there's now a clay door at the God Slaying Platform," Xu Qing calmly said.

The heir's eyes narrowed. After some thought, a smile appeared on his face.

"Interesting. In this Moon Worship Region, countless hidden threads are being ignited one by one… Kid, your senior brother is not simple, but you are even more remarkable."

"It was all arranged by my master." Xu Qing shook his head, a hint of nostalgia in his expression.

The heir hesitated. Originally, based on the information he knew, he never believed in Xu Qing's claims about his master. However, on one hand, Xu Qing's understanding resonated with him, sharing a common experience with the other's master. When he considered the deeds of the other party's two disciples, it made him reconsider.

All of this made him unable to easily define Xu Qing's master, and he couldn't help but have more speculations about him.

At the same time, the sound of stir-frying came from the kitchen, and the fragrance wafted through the air. Ning Yan's sniffer twitched, and his eyes lit up.

Wu Jianwu, who was at the door, also took a deep breath and revealed a surprised expression.

"Sizzling and crackling, a three-foot stream, who's asking for the delicacies of the Eight Treasures!"

Even the heir glanced at the kitchen and nodded slightly.

"This little girl. I didn't expect her to have such skill in cooking."

"By the way, I am going out in a few days. You returned in period this time. Also, give me the control jade token."

When Xu Qing heard this, he nodded and handed the jade token that controlled the little chicks to the heir.

The heir took it and wiped it before returning it to Xu Qing.

"Other than controlling the little chicks in the backyard, this jade token now has restrictions on Mogui and Nether Fairy. Use it judiciously."

Nether Fairy's face darkened, but she remained quiet.

Xu Qing picked up the jade token and stored it properly. He knew that this was a backup plan left behind by the heir because he was worried about the safety of the apothecary during this period of time.

With this jade slip, he could basically ensure that the apothecary would be fine during the heir and other elders' absence.

"Senior, is this trip related to ninth grandpa?" Xu Qing thought about it and asked.

The heir nodded.

"The chance to help him undo the seal is almost here. You don't have to participate this time. We can resolve it ourselves."

While they were speaking, Ling'er carried two dishes from the kitchen and walked out excitedly. After placing them on the table, she rushed into the kitchen. She went back and forth a few times, ending up with a total of eight dishes.

Ling'er's culinary skills had clearly improved. These eight dishes looked good and smelled good. Even Xu Qing was a little surprised.

"Grandpa Heir, Brother Xu Qing, Sister Nether Fairy, come and have a taste." After arranging the dishes, Ling'er stood expectantly on the side, inviting everyone.

Ning Yan and Wu Jianwu came uninvited and sat at the side. Nether Fairy also put down her work and looked at the dishes before nodding with a smile.

The heir was also filled with anticipation. He picked up a piece and placed it in his mouth. His eyes slowly narrowed. After that, he cast a deep glance at Xu Qing and nodded.

"Not bad."

Nether Fairy, Ning Yan, and the others also quickly picked the food up. After they each took a bite, Wu Jianwu's eyes widened. Ning Yan's face turned red and Nether Fairy fell silent. All of them looked at Xu Qing.

While Ling'er was feeling a little nervous, Xu Qing took a few bites with a calm expression and spoke.

"Eat more if it is delicious."

Ning Yan forcefully swallowed the food and squeezed out a smile.

"Delicious!"

Wu Jianwu instinctively wanted to refuse. However, after looking at Xu Qing and then at the heir, he still picked up some more food. As for Nether Fairy, she ate silently.

Just like that, this dinner was quickly finished by everyone. This made Ling'er feel extremely satisfied. She felt that her culinary skills had improved greatly and her talent in cooking clearly surpassed her cultivation talent.

"I can open a restaurant in the future!"

Ling'er's imagination ran wild.

Time flowed by and three days passed.

The heir left. The day before he left, Tian Nanzi of the Moon Rebel Hall came to bid farewell.

The war in the outside world had reached its climax. Many forces of the Moon Rebel Hall were being forced back. Among them, the Second Hall Master's army was in a precarious situation and suffered heavy casualties.

Hence, as the fourth hall master, Tian Nanzi was planning to bring people out to reinforce the second hall master.

Even though it was relatively safe in the Bitter Life Mountain Range, Tian Nanzi couldn't sit back and watch the misery of the outside world.

"I'm the fourth hall master of the Moon Rebel Hall. I have my creed and responsibility to resist the Red Moon and protect my home. I can't and I'm unwilling to avoid this matter."

"Someone has to step forward… I'm just an old bag of bones. Why should I cherish my life at this moment?"

"If I can't return, my shattered soul will be with the Moon Rebel Hall!"

When Tian Nanzi said these words, his expression was filled with determination. His weathered face also revealed calmness toward death.

After bidding farewell, Xu Qing stared at his departing back. Vaguely, the figure of the old Palace Master of the Sword Holding Palace appeared in his mind again.

"They are all the same type of people."

Red Moon was even closer.

The color of the sky became denser, enveloping the entire Moon Worship Region in a blood-red hue.

Especially near the banks of the Sacrificial Yin River, the intensity was even more pronounced. Looking around, the river, which was already blood-red, had now reached the pinnacle of crimson, with a strong and overwhelming scent of blood and decay permeating the air.

During this period of time, boats and ships from other regions rarely appeared. After all, the cultivators who came to trade understood that the Moon Worship Spirit Enclosure was about to be harvested by the god.

However, at this moment, on this long river with surging waves, a dilapidated boat gradually appeared in the distance. The direction it came from was the large region of the Holy Wave Race.

Not long later, the boat became clearer, showing multiple repairs as if it could collapse at any moment. It sped towards the shore, breaking through the river's surface along the way. Despite its swaying, it finally reached the bank.

A figure quickly rushed out of the boat The moment he stepped onto the blood-red riverbank, the boat couldn't hold on anymore and collapsed, sinking into the river.

The figure turned his head and sighed. After that, he stomped his feet fiercely.

"Little rascal, taking my Ling'er away for such a long period and not coming back, turns out you're in this godforsaken place!"

"My Ling'er must be hungry and sleep-deprived, facing hardship every day, following you in fear, always in mortal danger. She might even be being chased by someone right now, without anyone to protect her."

"One look and I could tell that that greasy-haired, powdered-face Xu isn't reliable!"

"Little rascal, just you wait. I'll find you!"

The red light from the sky landed on this figure, revealing his aura of vicissitudes. This person was none other than the old man from the inn.

After he finished complaining, his face was filled with fatigue. He looked at the distant sky and sighed.

"Where will I search in such a large domain?"































































On the shore of the Sacrificial Yin River, the old man from the inn, who had traveled tens of thousands of miles from Fenghai County, was complaining about the hardships of the journey and the difficult life of Ling'er, who couldn't eat well and couldn't sleep well…

At this moment, the person in question, Ling'er, was happily sitting cross-legged in the back room of the apothecary. The carefree life of these days, the sweet approval from the old grandpas and grandmas, and her relationship with Xu Qing made her feel like a little princess. Her face had even become a bit rounder.

It was a little chubby, and it made her look rather adorable.

Right now, she was holding the bone pill Xu Qing had given her.

Since this bone pill was kept by the clay fox, it was naturally extraordinary. It must have been refined from an almighty expert of the Ancient Spirit Race.

Perhaps it didn't have much meaning to other races, but to the Ancient Spirit Race, it was a supreme treasure.

This was especially so for Ling'er. She had the blessing of the Ancient Spirit Race's luck, so she didn't have to worry about her bloodline being cursed for the time being. Hence, there were no additional restrictions when absorbing the power of this bone pill. Her own limit was the limit of her absorption.

Moreover, with Xu Qing guarding at the side, there was no room for error.

Shortly after, as Ling'er circulated her cultivation base, the bone pill gradually melted and turned into wisps of silver fog that gushed into her mouth and nose and spread throughout her body. At the same time, the fluctuations of her cultivation base suddenly rose.

When she first arrived at the Moon Worship Region with Xu Qing, her cultivation was at the Foundation Building realm. However, it was unstable. After experiencing a series of things, it had already stabilized.

The cultivation method of the Ancient Spirit Race was different from the other races. They didn't seem to need to experience the process of opening their magic apertures and life fire. With the bone pill nourishing her, the aura on Ling'er's body approached the Golden Core Realm.

Xu Qing also felt that this scene was peculiar.

"It's similar to the Poison Restriction Pill… The cultivation method of ancient times is different from now."



Xu Qing mumbled to himself. After the Poison Restriction Pill from the wish box fused into his body, it looked like this. However, as Xu Qing and the Poison Restriction Pill were not of the same origin, he chose to merge it into the Heavenly Palace as an indirect method, serving as a preliminary control technique.

However, it was different for Ling'er.

As all the silver fog gushed into Ling'er, the bone pill disappeared from her hand. When it appeared, it was in her body as though it had become an inner core.

In an instant, the power of her bloodline erupted. As her qi and blood surged, one could vaguely see an armored war goddess manifesting behind her.

This woman was tall and beautiful. Her killing intent was especially obvious. She held a spear and one could see dragons and snakes moving around her, roaring at the sky.

This was the true body of the Ancient Spirit Race.

This race was born as snakes and took on human forms when they became adults. After their bloodline matured, they would have celestial dragons as companions. Dragons and snakes protected them and their combat bodies were astonishing.

"Monster!"

A strange glint appeared in Xu Qing's eyes. He realized that Ling'er's cultivation method was similar to that of some fierce beasts, focusing on refining her own inner core by tapping into her bloodline.

This breakthrough was of great significance to Ling'er, and it would take time for her to finish it. Very soon, Ling'er, who was immersed in her cultivation, transformed into a beam of light and landed on Xu Qing's arm, becoming a mark.

Through the mark, Xu Qing could clearly sense Ling'er's condition. After sensing that everything was going smoothly for her, Xu Qing checked his nascent souls.

"Other than the Purple Moon, I have to raise the other nascent souls to the level of attracting the fifth tribulation as soon as possible."

"After experiencing the fifth life tribulation, I'll be at the perfected Nascent Soul Realm."

"Also, I have to send the kidney to Eldest Senior Brother."

At the thought of this, Xu Qing took out the mirror and stepped into the highest hall of the Moon Rebel Hall, merging with the statue. The instant he opened his eyes, he heard his captain calling out.

"Little Qing, I can feel my kidney!"

"It's with you, right?"

"Junior Brother, you must have paid an extremely painful price for me. Eldest Senior Brother won't forget this!"

On the gate, the captain's small totem appeared, revealing an excited face.

Xu Qing glanced at him. With a wave of his hand, a golden kidney flew out and headed straight for the totem. It instantly fused into it. Very soon, the captain's comfortable voice rang out from the totem.

"I've finally become a complete man again!"

"Junior Brother, all our preparations are complete now. We're just short of pushing open this door. Don't worry, you and I will cooperate from the inside and outside. Moreover, with those divine son's blood, we'll be able to break through it very soon!"

 The captain was in high spirits. Clearly, the return of the kidney had boosted his confidence greatly.

"By the way, Junior Brother, do you have any clues about that clay fox's identity?"

Xu Qing nodded.

"It's Star Flame High God."

The captain's eyes narrowed.

Xu Qing told the skipper everything, including the place he went to with the clay fox in the end and the additional clay door there.

The captain fell into deep thought.

"So it's this person. I've never seen her before but Junior Brother, according to your description, this flirtatious high god should have ill intentions."

The captain licked his lips and talked in a low voice.

"Junior Brother, you've done enough for Eldest Senior Brother. I can't bear to see you continue. How about this… you introduce me to this sultry… ahem, high god."

"I'll pay the price!"

The captain's tone was solemn, as though he could give up anything for his junior brother.

"Doesn't the Star Flame High God like yang essence? Let me do it!"

"As the Eldest Senior Brother, regardless of whether it's out of friendship or morality, I have the responsibility. I'll pay the price. I'll give my yang essence to this high god!"

The captain's tone was filled with grief and indignation, and his expression was filled with determination.

"Thank you, Eldest Senior Brother. I've introduced you to Her. She thinks you're ugly."

Xu Qing was helpless. This was actually one of his original ideas.

The skipper was stunned and looked at Xu Qing hesitantly. He couldn't figure out if Xu Qing's words were a rebuttal after hearing his intentions or if the truth was indeed so.

However, no matter what, although there was an additional god, causing there to be more variables in the future, it still increased the possibility of success. Hence, the skipper coughed and didn't continue the previous topic.

In the following days, other than Xu Qing's daily cultivation, he also sent over divine son blood and with the captain's resistance from inside, the rumbling of the gate of the highest hall became increasingly loud.

The Crimson Goddess totem on it also began to burn and became blurry at a pace visible to the naked eye.

If this continued, the day it broke was clearly not far away.

The cultivators of the Moon Rebel Hall were already used to the daily tremors of the highest hall and weren't in the mood to pay much attention. During this period of time, as the Red Moon Star got closer and the Red Moon Shrines closed the net, the entire Moon Worship Rebellion Army was in danger.

More than ten days later, a drastic change happened.

The second hall master of the Moon Rebel Hall had died in battle!

His death was undoubtedly a huge blow to the Moon Rebel Hall. Blood flowed like a river in that fight and countless people died. While it caused endless sorrow, it also caused the firm hearts of the people to waver.

The fourth hall master, Tian Nanzi, who had gone to reinforce them, was also heavily injured and had no strength to turn the situation around. He could only retreat with the remaining forces of both sides.

Before the people of the Moon Rebel Hall could recover from this drastic change, an event even greater than the death of the deputy hall master shook the entire Moon Rebel Hall.

The first hall master and the fifth hall master chose to betray the Moon Rebel Hall and join the Red Moon, becoming cultivators of the Red Moon.

In order to prove their allegiance, they used their authority to seal the entrance to the Moon Rebel Hall, preventing all Moon Rebel cultivators from entering.

This matter caused a monstrous commotion. One had to know that entering the Moon Rebel Hall was the last barrier for the Moon Rebel cultivators. Now that they couldn't use the Moon Rebel Hall to hide, it was equivalent to cutting off their path of survival.

Although they still had third and fourth hall masters, with one still holding on and the other alive after being defeated and chased, the first hall master's authority was the greatest among them. Hence, they couldn't remove the seal on the Moon Rebel Hall in a short period of time.

Most importantly, after this incident, the cultivators of the Moon Rebel Hall also experienced a serious crisis of trust.

It had to be uttered that the betrayal of the two deputy hall masters, regardless of whether they were Red Moon's original preparations or their desire for life, caused the Moon Rebel Hall to collapse at this instant.

And the root cause of all this could be traced back to the fact that for many years, the highest hall of the Moon Rebel Hall had never been opened, there had been no true hall master, and thus the group had been without a leader, disorganized and scattered.

The situation had reached its most despairing moment. It was the same for the chaos in the Moon Worship Region. The Red Moon Star in the distant horizon also covered half of the sky.

No one knew where hope was or if it would appear.

Everything entered a countdown.

At this moment, the only blissful land, the desert, was like the last lantern in the night.

At that moment, outside the lantern, the heavily injured fourth hall master, along with his remaining followers and the remnants of the second hall master's group, were silently approaching.

They had nowhere to go. The desert was their sole remaining destination.

Most of these hundreds of thousands of cultivators appeared lost, their expressions dim. Death had become something they no longer cared much about. Numbness slowly spread throughout their bodies, exhaustion becoming an unbearable burden on their lives that they couldn't shake off even a bit.

However, among these cultivators, there was a group of people who were completely different from the other cultivators in terms of mentality. There was no confusion or gloom on them and they were filled with excitement and persistence.

It was as though fatigue wasn't a burden to them because hope had ignited in their hearts, turning into flames that were burning fiercely.

There were about thousands of these people. They seemed to have formed their own faction and gathered together, with both strong and weak cultivators among them.

They were extremely united.

What stood out was their attire. Though the colors and styles differed, there was a common feature.

The character '九[1]' was embroidered on the chest.

On the back, there was the character '丹[2]' embroidered.

This group of people was none other than the followers of the mysterious and legendary Master Pill Nine in Moon Rebel Hall!

They were led by a woman. This woman's cultivation was at the Spirit Repository realm. Although she was wearing a long robe, it couldn't conceal her figure. Her appearance, while not breathtaking, still qualified her as a beautiful woman.

She wasn't the strongest in the crowd, but this group of followers of Master Pill Nine spontaneously took her as their leader. Clearly, this woman had an extremely high status among these followers.

"Everyone, hold on a little longer. We're about to reach the green sand desert!"

"According to the Dao voice I listened to for two months, I can sense the profundity of Master. Master uses green sand as a furnace and the sun and moon as fire. He uses the rules of heaven and earth as medicinal ingredients and condenses the white wind to refine pills!"

"As for the white wind, it only exists in this green sand desert. So… Master must be in this desert!"

The woman's voice was impassioned as she talked loudly to the people around her.

[1] 九 means nine.

[2] 丹 means pill.































































The identity of this valiant woman was none other than Xu Qing's neighbor in the Moon Rebel Hall.

The statue of the Moon Rebel Hall not only concealed one's appearance but also one's gender.

Before the outbreak of resistance, no one knew that behind the statue of the burly man, there was actually such a woman.

This woman's personality was clearly similar to a man's, which could be seen from her bold words.

As the first person to follow Master Pill Nine and had listened to his Dao sound for two months, in addition to the fact that she had spontaneously formed a follower team from the start, these qualifications caused Xu Qing's neighbor to have a very high reputation.

Moreover, this woman was quite skilled in organizational matters, and she was able to form a following of several thousand people.

These were only the core members. There were still many followers scattered around the Moon Worship. As for those who knew about Pill Nine and believed in him, there were even more.

At that moment, when these people and the subordinates of the fourth hall master got close to the green sand desert, Xu Qing also received a visit from Ancestor Mogui.

Although the heir and the others had left, the control was with Xu Qing. As the staff of the apothecary, Ancestor Mogui didn't dare to act rashly on the surface no matter what.

However, in his heart, he still didn't think much of Xu Qing.

This wasn't because of Xu Qing's identity but because of his age.

In Ancestor Mogui's opinion, dealing with such a major matter wasn't something a child could do.

"Young Master, this time is a little different from before."

In the apothecary, Ancestor Mogui's expression was solemn as he spoke to Xu Qing.



"Last time, the heir and the others were all holding down the fort, so we could open the protective barrier and let the fourth hall master and the others enter. But now…" Ancestor Mogui looked at Xu Qing.

"Moreover, the Red Moon army is pursuing the fourth hall master. So, I suggest that we don't release the gray wind barrier this time."

In the apothecary, the atmosphere became tense because of Ancestor Mogui's words. Ning Yan no longer wiped the ground, and Wu Jianwu no longer recited poetry. Li Youfei and Nether Fairy both looked at Xu Qing.

Among them, only Li Youfei's nervousness was obvious. As for Ning Yan, his expression was solemn. He was Xu Qing's subordinate in Fenghai County to begin with and knew the things that had happened around Xu Qing. He had also personally seen Xu Qing's great contribution in Fenghai County and the various forces he had affected.

Hence, he understood that Xu Qing had experience and vision to deal with such matters.

Although Wu Jianwu didn't know as much as Ning Yan, he had heard of Xu Qing's deeds. Nether Fairy had seen Xu Qing on the battlefield with her own eyes back then. Later, she had heard about the change in the deputy governor of Fenghai County. Hence, she understood that the other party wasn't as simple as he looked.

However, it was obvious that Ancestor Mogui didn't know. After he finished speaking, he looked at Xu Qing and spoke again.

"Please make a decision, Young Master!"

Ancestor Mogui's expression was solemn. The situation outside had reached the most critical moment, and once the protective barrier was released, the peace of the desert would be at the risk of being shattered.

Under everyone's gazes, Xu Qing sat at the seat where the heir originally sat and closed his eyes in deep thought.

Ling'er understood that the situation was serious. Hence, she obediently stood behind Xu Qing.

Time passed bit by bit and Xu Qing didn't speak. An invisible dignity gradually formed on his body.

At that moment, he seemed to have returned to Fenghai County back then when he took charge of the Sword Holding Palace in the old Palace Master's name. At that time, he had far fewer trump cards than he did now, but he still managed to turn the tables to a certain extent.

"How's our current military strength?" Xu Qing opened his eyes and calmly asked.

"The entire desert is weak to begin with. Although the gray wind has formed a protective barrier, our forces are still not very strong. Including me, there are a total of three Nihility experts in the entire desert."

"As for the Spirit Repository, there are nine of them, including the ones in the Wind Guard Race."

"There are over a hundred Nascent Soul cultivators and the rest are all low-level cultivators."

"I haven't calculated the strength of our apothecary."

Ancestor Mogui was a little surprised by Xu Qing's calmness but he still answered and reminded.

"Our current strength is a drop in the bucket compared to the Red Moon Shrine. Unless the heir returns… we can't resist them."

Ancestor Mogui was about to continue when he suddenly took out a jade slip and looked at the message, revealing a surprised expression.

 "Young Master, I just received news that the fourth hall master's army has changed directions. They aren't running toward us but are moving in another direction, far away from the desert as though they want to fight to the death with the Red Moon's pursuit army."

"They don't want to make things difficult for us…"

Mogui spoke in a low voice. His expression was complicated and helpless.

Xu Qing nodded and picked up the teacup at the side. He didn't drink it but held it in his hand and stared at the tea inside. Vaguely, he seemed to see a figure in the depths of his memory in this tea.

Back then, that person stood at the border of Fenghai County and burned himself, stopping the enemy alone, becoming an eternal memory for all those who witnessed him.

At that time, the shock and piercing pain in Xu Qing's heart were extremely intense. However, he was helpless and couldn't save him at all.

Now… he saw a similar person.

After a long time, he calmly spoke.

"Firstly, gather all the cultivators of the desert in the Bitter Life Mountain Range. This place will serve as the center, and without my command, no one is allowed to venture out in the slightest."

"Secondly, inform the fourth hall master that there's no need to change directions. Just come to the desert."

Xu Qing stood up as he spoke.

When Ancestor Mogui heard this, he hesitated.

Xu Qing looked at Mogui calmly and spoke.

"The Red Moon Star has already covered half of the sky, and the impending calamity is just a few months away. If we sit back and watch as the fourth hall master and the others fight against the Red Moon cultivators, this rebellion would lose its meaning."

"Besides, after the fourth hall master and the others are captured and killed, will the Red Moon Shrine let go of the desert? Whether it be our shared goals or that our well-being is tied to each other, we have to take action."

"There's no need to discuss this anymore!"

"Ning Yan!"

"Your humble servant is here!" Ning Yan's entire body trembled as he took a step forward. He stood upright as though he had returned to Fenghai County.

"You are the edict bearer. You will follow Senior Mogui and announce my intentions."

"As you command!" Ning Yan replied loudly.

"Wu Jianwu!"

"Here!" Wu Jianwu was influenced by the atmosphere and hurriedly spoke.

"Release all your descendants, especially the parrot, to spread throughout the desert as scouts!"

Wu Jianwu didn't dare to disobey and quickly nodded.

"Nether Fairy!"

Nether Fairy didn't speak but she also lifted her head and looked at Xu Qing.

"Help me protect Ling'er and the apothecary. Li Youfei will follow you."

"Alright!" Nether Fairy agreed. Li Youfei also hurriedly nodded. He could sense that Xu Qing was different from before.

After Xu Qing finished giving his instructions, he took out a jade token and transferred it to Ling'er.

"When the God Slaying Platform appears in the sky outside, crush this jade token!"

With that, Xu Qing walked out of the apothecary. With a wave of his hand, the chicks in the backyard let out cries and flew out in unison. As their bodies shone, they transformed from little chicks to large chicks.

Those who had made contributions before, their feathers were exceptionally vibrant, clearly indicating an elevated status. One could even discern their true forms beneath the feathers.

If they made some contributions, their true forms would be restored to a certain extent and they would be given some freedom.

At that moment, they scrambled to be the first to rush forward. They followed beside Xu Qing and headed straight for the sky.

When Ancestor Mogui saw this scene, he was a little moved. He could discern that Xu Qing planned to bring these chicks and personally receive the fourth hall master's group.

"This…"

Although Mogui approved Xu Qing's words, he was still a little hesitant. Hence, he instinctively gazed at Ning Yan and the others. He didn't fancy these low-level cultivators but there was no one else he could ask now.

"The young master…"

"Don't worry, this matter is nothing to my lord. Back then, in Fenghai County, my lord was alone. He resolved the chaos in the two great forbidden regions and recruited ten million soldiers for the frontline battlefield. Not to mention the first stage of Nihility, there were even second and third stages who had to follow his commands. Which race didn't dare to obey?"

Ning Yan said proudly.

"He even exposed the conspiracy of the deputy governor and brought it to light before the entire county. Even the Human Emperor issued an edict acknowledging and endorsing his future status as the county governor, because in Fenghai County, my lord is the center of attention and the hearts of the people are with him."

When Mogui heard this, his eyes narrowed and his heart trembled. He could discern that Ning Yan wasn't lying but these few short sentences caused huge waves in his heart.

'Resolved the danger of the forbidden regions and recruited ten million soldiers? County governor?'

While he was trembling at this shocking revelation, Xu Qing stood on the head of a large chick and left.

As they sped, his eyes turned pitch-black. The power of the Poison Restriction spread out with all its might along with the storm. Very soon, the gray wind in his surroundings turned black and enveloped the surroundings.

The poison intent within churned, causing the hearts of those little chicks to palpitate.

Only Xu Qing was expressionless. When the power of the Poison Restriction reached the extreme, he had arrived at the edge of the desert.

Here, as Xu Qing waved his hand, the sandstorm in front of him rumbled and separated to the sides.

A deafening sound spread in all directions.

From afar, when the sandstorm opened, it transformed into a canyon, revealing a vast path. Outside the path, one could see the army of the fourth hall master fighting against the cultivators of the Red Moon Shrine.

The battle was tragic and there were many casualties.

The rumbling sound from the desert spread out and this abnormality attracted the attention of both sides outside. Most of them instantly gazed in Xu Qing's direction.

The followers of Master Pill Nine also gazed over.

The instant everyone's gazes fell on him, Xu Qing raised his right hand from the gap in the sandstorm at the edge of the desert and pointed forward.

"Poison!"

With his word, the wind of the Poison Restriction in his surroundings suddenly erupted and surged forward. Its aura was monstrous and the black fog devoured everything. Wherever it passed, the anomalous substances would become dense and the surroundings would turn blurry, giving off a feeling of distortion.

Nothing could escape the Poison Restriction and it rapidly drowned out the Red Moon cultivator army.

From afar, the poison fog was like an ocean that surged forward, causing the hearts of everyone who observed it to shake and feel horror.

Even the ground was corroded and turned pitch-black. Even the blood-colored sky couldn't penetrate the poison fog and the void shattered in front of it.

After Xu Qing integrated the Poison Restriction into his eyes, this was the first time it had truly shown its might.

Xu Qing coldly watched all of this. The divinity in his body appeared to be rising at this moment.

"Divine cultivator!"

Someone in the crowd let out a trembling cry of surprise.































































In the past, the Poison Restriction couldn't differentiate friend from foe; once unleashed, it would corrode everything within its range.

However, after integrating it into his eyes, Xu Qing gained much greater control over the Poison Restriction. Now, as the fog spread, it could selectively designate targets, minimizing the impact on the cultivators of the Moon Rebel.

Its main target was the Red Moon cultivators.

Shouts and screams rang out continuously and a large number of Red Moon cultivators retreated in fear. Some of the weaker cultivators even let out heart-rending cries as their bodies melted rapidly, turning into blood that soaked the ground.

Most of them felt their bodies rotting to different degrees, bringing about intense pain and the threat of death. All of them felt their hearts shaking as they unleashed the power of the Red Moon to resist.

Only some people with powerful cultivation levels could ignore it for a short period of time.

The pressure on the Moon Rebel cultivators was reduced by a lot. The fourth hall master immediately ordered everyone to head straight for the desert.

He had originally sensed through his own method that the heir and the others weren't in the desert. He didn't want to implicate this place and wanted to move away to fight to the death with the Red Moon cultivators.

Over the years, his fatigue had become extremely intense. He didn't want to give up on this hopeless resistance, but reality forced him to feel bitter.

Seeing that Xu Qing had walked out and opened the desert, the fourth hall master gritted his teeth and his forces rapidly surged over.

He even personally took action to stall for time for everyone.

Booming sounds and spell fluctuations instantly spread in all directions.

Although the Red Moon cultivators were obstructed by the Poison Restriction, the experts among them quickly spread out, simultaneously intercepting and rushing in.

The large chicks around Xu Qing also rushed out to provide support. Xu Qing closed his eyes and pointed his right hand outside the desert.

"Ghost Emperor Mountain becomes the slaying platform, D132's fortune shapes the blade groove!"



As soon as Xu Qing uttered those words, the color of the world changed and the surroundings resounded with thunderous noise. The Ghost Emperor Mountain and D132 manifested, casting a 10,000-foot-long shadow that shook the heavens and the earth, forming an executioner's platform.

The Ghost Emperor held up the massive prison, and the power of fortune changed into a groove canyon.

The towering platform was awe-inspiring. Amidst the quaking earth, it descended upon the land, positioned behind the cultivators of the Moon Rebel Hall, blocking the path of the Red Moon cultivators.

The familiarity of this scene shocked all the cultivators.

"This is…"

"Very familiar!!"

As cries of surprise echoed, a strange glint appeared in Xu Qing's eyes.

"Heavenly Dao transforms into the blade and the Divine Curse Poison Restriction transforms into its edge. Morning glow shall be the blade light!"

The sky churned and the mosasaur roared, transforming into a blade. The Poison Restriction gathered into the blade from all directions and added the Dao power that seemed to be able to slash the Dao. This was a heavenly blade. There was also a cold light from the morning glow that could break all techniques and also transform into myriad spells.

As soon as the heavenly blade appeared, regardless of whether it was the cultivators from the Moon Rebel or the Red Moon, the familiar feeling in their memories instantly soared. Some people had already recognized the reason.

"It's the God Slaying Platform that appeared in our minds some time ago!"

"Exactly the same!"

"Could it be that the person who displayed the God Slaying Platform back then was this person?!"

The surroundings were in an uproar. Xu Qing decided not to hide his appearance anymore, revealing his true appearance that had appeared in the minds of all living beings back then.

As soon as his true appearance was revealed, everyone's shock completely erupted. It was like lightning had exploded in their minds, shaking their entire bodies.

The cultivators of the Moon Rebel Hall were all excited. When they were most numb, it was the scene of the God Slaying Platform in their minds that made them pick up the intention to resist and burn the region with their spark of hope.

Now, when they were at their most despairing moment, they saw the God Slaying Platform again and the figure in their minds!

At this moment, this figure seemed to overlap with the ruler.

His voice was still echoing.

"The Golden Crow is the connection, and the Purple Moon is the seal!"

 The Golden Crow danced and the Purple Moon formed runic marks. Under the control of the divine repository, they became one.

"Containing with time…"

"Controlling and commanding with the Sundial life lantern…"

Five sundials formed behind Xu Qing. The flames of the life lantern shook the night sky and the gnomons on them spun rapidly as the aura of time erupted.

At the next instant, it was quarter to noon!

"At noon on the Sundial, heaven and earth shall be slashed together!"

Xu Qing's eyes gleamed as he slashed out!

The heavenly blade descended from the sky like a huge curtain or a mountain range, causing the sky to be shrouded and the ground to tremble.

What it slashed wasn't cultivators but the world.

The blade landed with endless divine might. When the blade came into contact with the blade groove, it cut through the void and shattered the void.

While intimidating everyone, it also completely severed the path of Red Moon's cultivators.

A huge ravine directly appeared on the ground, stirring up a storm of endless baleful aura that spread to both sides.

The Red Moon cultivators were all shocked and had no choice but to stop.

At this moment, the ruler seemed to have manifested on Xu Qing and the world trembled at his appearance. The God Slaying Platform that appeared in the memories of all living beings back then was truly displayed in the world and in the eyes of the Red Moon cultivators and the hundreds of thousands of Moon Rebel cultivators.

It stirred a massive storm in their minds. It carried endless momentum and peerless killing intent as it stood outside the desert.

The fourth hall master looked at Xu Qing with a deep gaze. He led the hundreds of thousands of cultivators under him and took advantage of the intimidation formed by the God Slaying Platform to step into the desert.

As for the Nihility experts among the Red Moon cultivators, although their hearts were also shaken, the God Slaying Platform formed by Xu Qing's cultivation was merely renowned and lacked the power to make them retreat. Thus, they were about to continue their intervention.

However, at this moment, from the depths of the desert, from the direction of the Bitter Life Mountain Range, a monstrous might rose.

In an instant, the sun, moon, and stars appeared in the sky, as though the stars had shifted. There was also a vast river of time flowing through the sky, bringing with it the aura of the Great Dao.

That was the energy of the Soul Accumulation!

Vaguely, a pair of eyes could be seen in the river of time.

Princess Mingmei's eyes.

With this glance, all the Red Moon experts outside the desert were shocked and retreated immediately without hesitation. The reason why they dared to appear was because they had found out that the crown prince and the others had left.

But now, the aura of this Soul Accumulation caused them to be horrified.

Although it might be a deception, most Red Moon cultivators were averse to taking risks, especially with the impending arrival of the Red Moon. After all, this scene had at least expressed that there was still a Soul Accumulation's arrangement left here.

Hence, stability became the main priority for the experts of the Red Moon.

Their retreat allowed the Moon Rebel Hall cultivators to finally step into the desert.

Upon entering, everyone turned their eyes towards Xu Qing, their expressions filled with excitement, and they all bowed in reverence.

Xu Qing, who was in the air, watched all of this. With a wave of his hand, the gap that opened up in the storm was closed again, blocking the sights of the Red Moon cultivators outside.

After doing this, Xu Qing gazed at everyone, before cupping his fists toward the fourth hall master, whose face was filled with fatigue.

"Greetings, Senior."

The fourth hall master's expression was solemn. He didn't neglect Xu Qing at all because of the difference in their cultivation levels. He then bowed deeply to Xu Qing.

"Thank you for your help, little friend!"

Xu Qing nodded and was about to speak. However, at that moment, among the hundreds of thousands of cultivators who entered the desert, a group of thousands attracted Xu Qing's attention because of their cheers and actions.

Previously, Xu Qing's focus was on Red Moon cultivators, so he didn't take a closer look. Now that he saw them, the clothes of these people caused Xu Qing to be startled.

Especially when he saw the actions of the woman at the front. She was so excited that she actually half-knelt on the ground and was kissing the sand.

The thousands of people behind her also acted the similar way.

Xu Qing blinked his eyes in surprise. Just as a strange feeling rose in his heart, the fourth hall master spoke softly, his voice filled with emotion.

"Little friend, these people are the followers of Master Pill Nine. The leader calls herself an apostle who listened to Master Pill Nine's Dao voice for two months."

"They gathered from all parts and are extremely united. They didn't come with me and we only met on the way."

"Their destination is this desert."

"Because they guessed that Master Pill Nine was staying here."

When Xu Qing heard this, he gazed at that group of people.

At that moment, this group of people was so excited that even the storm couldn't suppress their discussion.

"This is our holy land!"

"That's right. Master's pill contains white wind. This means that the wind is the key to the pill. In the entire Moon Worship Region, only this place fulfills the conditions."

"The apostle is right. Master must be staying here."

"In this chaotic world, we have to find Master and protect him by his side!"

Looking at their fanatical expressions, Xu Qing felt a strange sensation. Moreover, after careful observation and considering the leading woman's claim of listening to the Dao voice for two months, Xu Qing speculated that she might be the burly neighbor with bare chests.

Just like that, everyone returned to the Bitter Life Mountain Range.

The fourth hall master and the others returned to the campsite they had built before they left to rest. As for the group of followers of Master Pill Nine, they split off.

In the following days, this group of people dispersed in the Bitter Life Mountain Range and continued to search and inquire. Although there were no results, they were extremely persistent.

They also built their own campsite and it wasn't far from the earth city Xu Qing was in.

They even built a statue there. This statue gazed exactly like Xu Qing's statue in the Moon Rebel Hall.

Xu Qing had no choice but to pay attention to them. He had never had such an experience before. It was only on the day the statue was built that he really couldn't help but make a trip there.

When he entered the campsite of the Pill Nine followers, Xu Qing saw that the thousands of cultivators here all had excited expressions. They even set up a large map that depicted the entire desert.

There were some areas marked on it. Clearly, those were the areas they had already searched.

Xu Qing's arrival immediately attracted the attention of everyone. They greeted him one after another. The apostle woman also put down what she was doing and personally came to welcome him.

"Greetings, Fellow Daoist." Dressed in athletic clothes and standing beside the statue of Pill Nine, she gazed quite capable. With a solemn expression, she bowed respectfully to Xu Qing, who was gazing at the statue.

Xu Qing was observing the statue and saw that it was lifelike and filled with even the minor details. When he heard this, he turned his head and his gaze landed on this valiant woman.

The image of the burly neighbor couldn't help but appear in his mind, but he couldn't overlap the two. Hence, he gazed at the statue and couldn't help but remind her.

"As the Red Moon Star arrives, it's not impossible for the Red Moon Shrines to enter the desert. It will be dangerous to leave the Bitter Life Mountain Range. You don't have to go out and search like this."

When the valiant woman heard this, she shook her head with a determined expression.

"It's precisely because of this that we have to speed up our search. This is because Master might also be facing danger!"

Xu Qing hesitated and spoke.

"Master might be very safe… Besides, even if you encounter him, will you be able to recognize him?"

The woman laughed proudly, and the surrounding people also laughed.

"Fellow Daoist, you don't understand."

"After all, you haven't seen Master before. As for me, I've heard to Master's Dao voice for two months and tracked him countless times, sensing his majesty, compassion, and that distinctive aura, so I only need to take a look to recognize him!"

As she spoke, the woman glanced at Xu Qing.































































In the end, Xu Qing left.

He didn't unveil that he was Pill Nine. However, he couldn't help but sense a sense of responsibility towards these followers of his.

After all, they had traveled from afar to this place, and their admiration for Master Pill Nine was evident. The increasing renown of Pill Nine's name in the Moon Rebel Hall was closely tied to their enthusiastic word of mouth.

Hence, before he left, Xu Qing left a shadow eye in the woman's shadow.

If they encountered any danger, Xu Qing would be able to sense it immediately and provide help.

Xu Qing's previous warning wasn't baseless. In reality, over the past few days, with the frequent failures of the rebellion army outside, the overall situation had essentially been suppressed by the Red Moon Shrine.

The scattered resistance forces didn't draw much attention from the Red Moon cultivators. After all, some cultivators within the Red Moon Shrine still hoped for a greater number of living beings to be sacrificed.

However, as the rebel army collapsed, the desert naturally became increasingly conspicuous.

This was especially after the fourth hall master brought people into the desert.

In fact, Xu Qing even received a report from Wu Jianwu. His descendants were arranged to be scouts outside and they discovered that during this period of time, Red Moon cultivators often tried to barge into the desert.

Although they were all blocked by the storm and the range of entry was limited, according to the parrot's investigation, outside the desert… a large number of Red Moon cultivators were gathering.

However, these Red Moon cultivators didn't act rashly. They were waiting.



This matter caused everyone to become vigilant. As for the Red Moon cultivators, they waited for seven to eight days before someone arrived.

This person was an old man. He wore a red robe and an emperor's crown. He was the high priest of the Red Moon Shrine.

Holding a scepter, as he arrived, the colors of the world changed, the winds and clouds stirred, and a second Red Moon appeared in the sky.

It was a phantom of the Red Moon, and its appearance in the sky triggered a tidal reaction throughout the vast desert.

In an instant, the storm within the desert was disrupted, mountain ranges collapsed, countless grains of sand tumbled, and a thunderous roar echoed through the land.

When this news spread throughout the Bitter Life Mountain Range, the Red Moon in the sky showered moonlight that transformed into countless red lightning bolts that bombarded the desert.

The entire desert shook and the storm showed signs of being torn apart. At this moment, the power of the Red Moon began to invade the desert.

This invasion was overwhelmingly dominant. Wherever it passed, gravel crumbled and disintegrated, transforming into crimson-colored soil.

At the same time, under its influence, each Red Moon cultivator radiated a blood-red light. The power bestowed by the Crimson Goddess' blessing visibly surged. Eventually, they withstood the storm and entered the vast desert, approaching the Bitter Life Mountain Range step by step.

Wherever they went, the sky turned crimson, and the earth was dyed blood-red.

Under this divine might, the storm was also slowly compressed, and the range became smaller and smaller.

Fortunately, this storm was formed by the hair of a god. It wasn't so easy to ignore it. Hence, the Red Moon cultivators couldn't cross it immediately.

It would still take some time for them to reach the Bitter Life Mountain Range.

Yet, the sense of urgency was incredibly intense, forming invisible mountains that pressed upon the hearts of the cultivators within the Bitter Life Mountain Range. It was a weighty burden, leaving everyone somewhat breathless.

Everyone felt danger. Uneasiness and nervousness kept rising.

Silence spread through the Bitter Life Mountain Range and also affected the apothecary.

Regardless of whether it was Ning Yan, Wu Jianwu, or Li Youfei, they were all anxious. Even Nether Fairy was the same.

It was the same for the little chicks in the backyard.

Only Xu Qing's expression didn't unveil his emotions at all. He was aware that the situation had reached a critical moment and he also sorted out this matter in his mind.

"The key to breaking the situation is on one hand, the return of the heir and the others."

"Also… push open the gate of the highest hall of the Moon Rebel Hall and become the master of the Moon Rebel Hall!"

Xu Qing's eyes gleamed. He had always remembered that under the mirror lake where the artifact spirit of the Moon Rebel Hall was, there were dozens of frozen statues. These were all cultivators who had participated in the temple master's trial since the arrival of the Red Moon.

They were extraordinary characters, and there were several who were at the fourth stage of Nihility like the fourth hall master.

 This force, formidable in any context, would be of immense assist in resolving the crisis if it could manifest within the vast desert.

However, if he wanted to release them, he needed to become the master of the Moon Rebel Hall.

Moreover, the abilities of the Lord of the Moon Rebel Hall weren't limited to just this. According to Xu Qing's own ideas and communication with the captain during this period, they had surmised that once they became the Lord of the Moon Rebel Hall, they could materialize the Moon Rebel Hall in reality.

At that time, the Moon Rebel Hall… would no longer be the Moon Rebel Hall but a supreme treasure of the ruler!

Its might was so great that it could intimidate the whole region.

"That's a regional artifact!"

"In addition, once we become the master of the Moon Rebel Hall, we will possess the highest authority. We can instantly erase the seals imposed by the first hall master and the fifth hall master, allowing the Moon Rebel cultivators to enter the Moon Rebel Hall with their true bodies like before. This would restore their maneuverability and allow them to evade pursuit."

"Therefore, whether the heir returns is beyond my control. However, the master of the Moon Rebel… once we obtain it, everything will be resolved!"

Xu Qing's gaze was deep as he sat on the chair where the heir used to sit and analyzed everything.

After experiencing the series of events with the captain, he was fully aware of the captain's arrangements.

"Become the Lord of the Moon Rebel Hall, coordinate with his past life body and the siblings of the heir, gather the power of all living beings in the entire large region, and have all the cultivators suppress the Red Moon Shrine before the arrival of the Red Moon and complete the first major step of the plan against the Crimson Goddess."

Xu Qing looked up, and his calmness infected everyone in the apothecary. Gradually, after Ning Yan and the others calmed down, Xu Qing took out the divine sons' blood that had been gathered again from the world fragment and stepped into the highest hall of the Moon Rebel. He and the captain sped up the destruction of the Crimson Goddess' totem at the gate.

The usual hustle and bustle in the Moon Rebel Hall had disappeared now. Under the seals imposed by first and fifth hall masters, no cultivator could step in now.

On the empty mountain peak of the Moon Rebel Hall, all the temples were closed. The lights inside were dim and there was no incense burning.

Only the rumbling sound in the highest hall above grew increasingly intense, spreading in all directions like heavenly lightning.

The gate continued to shake, as though it could be pushed open at any moment. There were also streams of light spreading out from the gap of the gate, forming a holy intent.

Occasionally, the entire mountain of the Moon Rebel Hall would also tremble under the influence, stirring up fluctuations that continued to spread, causing the void outside the mountain to ripple.

Although the shaking of the gate had happened before in this era, it had never been as intense as now.

Unfortunately, no one could see this scene. Otherwise, they would definitely be extremely shocked.

In the highest hall, the totem of the Crimson Goddess on the gate had already blurred out by more than half.

This was related to the divine sons' blood. It was the key to erasing the totem. At the same time, it was also related to the captain's efforts.

"Little Qing, we'll be able to completely erase this totem in five days at most."

The moment Xu Qing entered, the captain's excited voice rang out from inside the gate. During this period of time, he had given it his all. Xu Qing was also doing his best. The two of them were racing against time.

"At that time, we will be the masters of Moon Rebel Hall!"

Xu Qing nodded and coordinated with the captain to break the gate.

From the looks of it, no matter how urgent the situation outside was, they still had enough time unless something unexpected happened.

And accidents still happened in the end.

On the third day after Xu Qing and the captain cracked the gate, the encirclement of the Red Moon cultivators was formed. The entire desert area was also reduced by half.

Wherever the Red Moon cultivators passed, the ground would be blood-red, and so would the sky.

The high priest, who was in charge of destroying the desert, held the scepter and rose into the air, emitting a monstrous aura.

On the ground, all the Red Moon Shrine cultivators prostrated and chanted.

Gradually, the color of blood rose and became denser. It spun into a vortex and rumbled.

After spinning 99 times, the red-robed high priest lifted the scepter high up.

An earth-shattering boom instantly rang out from the sky. After that, the sky churned as though a pair of invisible hands had ruthlessly torn it apart.

A huge rift that was 5,000 kilometers long appeared in the sky.

The moment it appeared, endless blood flowed down the rift, turning into a rain of blood that fell across the entire desert.

The storm that protected the Bitter Life Mountain Range dissipated at a speed visible to the naked eye in the blood rain. The most astonishing thing was the aura emitted from the rift in the sky.

That aura was extremely terrifying and shook the surroundings. It not only affected the desert but also the entire Moon Worship Region.

In an instant, all the living beings in the region felt their hearts palpitate and their souls tremble.

The reason for this was a piece of skin gradually revealing itself from within the rift.

It grew larger and larger, resembling the sky where one could see undulating mountains, the embellishment of suns, moons, and stars, and countless restrictive formations forming a dazzling sky akin to a starry night. Within it, the souls of myriad races wailed in extreme agony.

This skin was entirely crimson, akin to red hell, exuding an aura of wickedness.

Paradoxically, it gave off a sense of holiness, as if the forces of good and evil, righteousness and wickedness, life and death, were all blending together, forming something bizarre.

Vaguely, the sky became blurry, as though there was only this rift left. The ground was also distorted.

Divine might towered into the sky.

The Red Moon cultivators all worshiped fanatically.

Shortly after, the skin slowly curled up into a human form. Limbs and a torso appeared…

Finally, a headless body slowly fell.

With every inch it fell, the ground rumbled and caved in by ten feet. The storm disintegrated rapidly and the sand and gravel continued to shatter into blood-colored dust that was swept up by the blood rain.

The blood rain swept across the surroundings, forming rivers and encircling in all directions, as if purgatory had descended upon the mortal realm.

The sound of wailing echoed from within the shed skin, sending shivers down the spine.

This entity was the Red Moon Shrine's greatest reliance, the reservoir of divine punishment that could suppress the Soul Accumulation and shake the entire region's living beings.

The Crimson Goddess' mortal shedding!































































Before Crimson Goddess became a god, her head was chopped off by the ruler of this region in the God Slaying Platform. On that day, her decapitated head turned to flying ashes, merging into nothingness, leaving behind only a corpse sinking into the river of time.

Later, the Crimson Goddess somehow achieved godhood and returned once again, suppressing everything. She even unleashed her divine technique and fished out her mortal shedding from the river of time and placed it here, establishing the foundation of the Red Moon Shrine.

This item was extraordinary. Originally, only the divine son could use It.

As such, It being summoned by the high priest and appearing here held a deeper meaning.

Its appearance shook the desert. As It landed, the desert sank by thousands of feet. The sky changed color and cracks appeared in it.

Endless blood rain fell, filling the sunken ground, quickly forming a sea of blood.

The sea surged with waves, their sounds spreading in all directions.

The desert seemed to be completely gone. Only the majestic sea of blood remained.

The Bitter Life Mountain Range had become an isolated island on this sea.

The gray wind also continued to disintegrate, barely enveloping the Bitter Life Mountain Range. However, anyone could sense that the gray wind would collapse at any moment.

Outside the wind and above the sea of blood were Red Moon cultivators. They were densely packed and had fanatical expressions as they chanted.

In the sky, the high priest worshiped. That headless mortal shell burst forth with an overwhelming suppressive force.

The range of its influence was so large that it affected the entire Moon Worship Region.

At this moment, all beings trembled, everything quivered, and the boundless areas of the region resounded with thunderous roars.



This aura belonged only to a god.

In the Bitter Life Mountain Range, be it the fourth hall master, his subordinates, or the native cultivators, all of them were horrified and revealed despair.

They couldn't resist or obstruct this.

Everyone in the apothecary was the same. Ning Yan's body trembled as he looked at the sea of blood outside and the mortal shedding in the sky. His mind was blank.

Wu Jianwu stopped reciting poetry. He was now extremely flustered and his heart was in turmoil.

The little chicks in the backyard were already curled up in a corner, shivering.

Li Youfei was in an even worse state. Even Nether Fairy found it difficult to maintain her calm.

Only Ling'er, her trust in Xu Qing had reached a level of blind faith. She believed that all difficulties could be resolved as long as her brother Xu Qing was present.

However, the situation had reached a critical stage.

The Red Moon's high priest coldly stared at the solitary island in the sea of blood, raised his right hand and pushed down. Immediately, the mortal shedding of the Crimson Goddess disappeared and when It reappeared, It was above the Bitter Life Mountain Range.

It slowly stretched out and grew larger. . Eventually, It transformed back into the sky that contained mountains, stars, and the wailing of all living beings. It covered the entire Bitter Life Mountain Range, gradually enveloping it.

"Please enjoy, Lord!"

The high priest's voice was filled with piety as it echoed in all directions.

All the Red Moon cultivators on the sea of blood also spoke loudly and said the same thing.

After that, the Red Moon cultivators lowered their heads and continued to chant.

When a god enjoyed Its food, one couldn't look at It directly.

Outside their vision, the mortal shedding emitted endless evil intent and intense hunger. It completely shrouded the Bitter Life Mountain Range, squirming and shrinking at the same time.

It wanted to devour everything in this mountain range.

The gray storm emitted an intense struggle. As for the cultivators of the Bitter Life Mountain Range, they also went crazy under this despair. The fourth hall master let out a deep shout, his cultivation erupted, and, along with all his subordinates, they fought together with a determination to die rather than submit.

Even though this was like a mantis trying to stop a cart, Moon Rebel's spirit was resistance.

Sounds of spells and collisions instantly echoed.

 The blood sea fluctuated, stirring up huge waves. The chanting of the Red Moon cultivators on the surface of the sea also became impassioned at this moment.

Only the Red Moon high priest lifted his head slightly and stared at the huge meat bun formed by the Crimson Goddess' mortal shedding after It enveloped the Bitter Life Mountain Range.

"All resistance is meaningless. Food will always be food."

The high priest calmly spoke. He turned his head and looked at the Red Moon Star in the sky with an incomparably pious expression.

Within the shed skin, the cultivators in the Bitter Life Mountain Range found their skies shrouded and their surroundings enclosed. Only the blood rain flowed from the decapitated body of the Crimson Goddess, falling and accumulating in this place.

Anomalous events erupted at this moment, cries of agony echoed incessantly, mountain peaks began to crumble, and numerous earth cities were disintegrating.

Pill Nine's statue also started to collapse. His followers were bitter and confused at this moment. That valiant woman no longer had the boldness she used to have and remained quiet.

The surroundings of the entire mountain range, under the squirming of the skin, became smaller and smaller. Large areas of the edges were disappearing, and all the living beings nearby had no choice but to quickly move away.

The edges that disappeared and everything in it were devoured and became a part of the skin.

One could imagine that the mountain range and all living beings, including the sun, moon, and stars on the skin were all imprinted like this.

However, the speed of the disappearance wasn't that fast. Although most of the storm formed by the hair of the Moon Flame High God had been suppressed, it was still erupting.

However, in the end, it could only stall for time. If there was no miracle, it wouldn't be long before the storm dissipated. When the mortal skin completely devoured everything, the Bitter Life Mountain Range would disappear without a trace and appear on the skin, becoming one of the totems.

As the cultivators of the Bitter Life Mountain Range faced the calamity and continued to resist ineffectively, an even more intense echoing rang out from the highest hall in the sky in the Moon Rebel Hall.

The trembling of the gate was much more intense than before. The rumbling sounds were like heavenly lightning exploding, shaking the surroundings.

This was even more so in the highest hall.

Under the joint efforts of Xu Qing and the captain, with enough divine son blood burning, the totem on the gate became dimmer and dimmer, leaving less than 10%.

However, this last 10% belonged to the core source and was extremely persistent. Even though the divine sons' blood was burning, it couldn't be destroyed easily.

The captain wasn't convinced. The small totem rushed over and took a bite.

A cracking sound echoed as the captain retreated. The core totem suffered no damage.

Seeing this, the captain sighed.

"This bullsh*t is too difficult to gnaw. Little Qing, we might need some more time."

Xu Qing had a tired expression. Although he was outside the gate, he kept controlling the burning of the divine sons' blood, making it easier for his senior brother to bite it. This process consumed a lot of mental energy.

"It'll be too late."

Xu Qing spoke in a low voice. Although he hadn't returned to the apothecary, through his connection with Ling'er, he was aware of what was happening in the outside world.

"The Red Moon Shrine has arrived and the Crimson Goddess' mortal skin has descended. The situation is extremely bad."

Xu Qing gazed at the captain.

The captain was shocked.

"Mortal skin? That is the Red Moon Shrine's greatest foundation. They seem to be in a hurry, using it so soon!"

"No matter what the reason is, It has already descended."

Xu Qing slowly spoke, his eyes revealing determination.

"Eldest Senior Brother, I'm going to unleash my Purple Moon power to devour this last totem. Help me."

The captain's eyes gleamed. He knew that the situation was serious.

"If you devour it, you won't be able to withstand it."

"After becoming the Lord of the Moon Rebel, I can make use of the Moon Rebel Hall to suppress it for me at all times." Xu Qing took a deep breath. This was the only way to speed up the burning of the Crimson Goddess' totem.

The captain fell silent. After a long time, he nodded solemnly.

"Alright, let's give it our all!"

Xu Qing didn't hesitate at all. He performed a series of hand seals with both hands and pressed down on the gate of the temple in front of him. The power of the Purple Moon in his body erupted and drops of blood instantly gushed out from Xu Qing's entire body.

Very soon, a blood lake formed in his surroundings. As it churned, one could see an illusory divine repository undulating, emitting a dense aura of the blood authority.

At the next moment, this blood lake rumbled and swept up, heading straight for the gate. The captain went all out at this moment. His small totem rapidly rotated, forming a vortex that received Xu Qing's blood.

In the blink of an eye, as they came into contact, the blood lake that Xu Qing had transformed into rushed into the gate through the vortex, charging straight toward the core of the Crimson Goddess' totem.

In Xu Qing's perception, the core of the totem was a blood-red imprint.

This mark radiated a blood-colored light and exuded a divine might that repelled any inferior beings, preventing them from approaching even a bit.

However, Xu Qing's authority came from the Red Moon, so it had the same source as the Crimson Goddess. At that moment, he instantly got close and slammed fiercely.

With a boom, the gate shook violently. The captain also rushed over at this instant and opened his mouth to bite with all his might.

The sound grew even louder and a echoing sound echoed through the entire Moon Rebel Hall. The blood lake that Xu Qing had transformed into crumbled and rolled back. The captain also wailed. However, shortly after, the blood lake gathered again and collided with the totem again.

The captain also went mad. His totem shone with a blue light and he charged over ruthlessly.

There was also the divine sons' blood burning the imprint, continuously corroding it. Coupled with Xu Qing and the captain's all-out efforts, after several hours and after many collisions, the mark finally couldn't withstand it and shattered.

Xu Qing was extremely exhausted and the captain's wails were also filled with weakness.

However, seeing that the crack had appeared, they instantly charged forward again. Amidst an unprecedented explosion, the imprint finally crumbled and shattered into pieces.

The instant it split open, a golden light erupted from within. The source of the golden light was actually an illusory figure.

The figure vaguely resembled a woman, clad in tattered robes, hands covering her eyes, blood flowing within, and emitting a sacred golden glow throughout her entire body.

She was the Crimson Goddess!

Murmurs, distorted sensations, and an intense outbreak of anomalous substances converged into a divine might that covered Xu Qing and the captain.

Xu Qing's blood lake boiled and dissipated rapidly. The captain's totem also rapidly blurred, as though it was about to be erased.

However, his madness completely erupted at this moment.

"Little Qing, let's devour Her, consider this as a warm-up!"

As the blood lake melted away, it coalesced into the figure of Xu Qing. He glared at the illusion of the Crimson Goddess, a strong desire rising in his mind, an instinct that couldn't be suppressed.

Extreme hunger erupted in him at this moment.

At that moment, his human nature was dissipating and divinity was rising. Xu Qing's balance was about to be broken.

And he didn't stop it, allowing the divine nature to rise, replacing consciousness, emanating a chilling voice.

"There should be no two masters of the authority of the Red Moon!"

As he spoke, Xu Qing's entire body emitted a monstrous blood light that covered the gate of the hall. He then devoured the Crimson Goddess' figure with greed, hunger, and calmness.

The captain laughed loudly and his eyes displayed madness. He opened his mouth and devoured it as well!































































The Moon Rebel Hall rumbled like never before!

The gate of the highest temple emitted a dazzling and glaring red light. This light enveloped the entire body of the Moon Rebel Hall, giving the impression from afar that it had covered this world in a layer of bloody clothing.

As for the red light on the gate, it was clearly only one color. However, if someone was here and saw it, they would definitely have the illusion that there were two different colors.

That was because… these were two wills fighting for the same authority!

Red Moon's authority.

As one of the 37 ancient moons of the Wanggu Continent, the Red Moon Itself possessed a lot of mysteries. Since ancient times, countless legends had circulated about It. When the fragmented-face arrived, 25 of the 37 ancient moons fell one after another. Now, there were only twelve moons left.

And the Red Moon was one of the twelve moons!

It was ranked seventh!

In ancient times, It had many names: Firefly Moon, Blood Moon… Now, it was known as the Red Moon.

The Crimson Goddess parasitized the Red Moon and was devouring Its authority at all times. She wanted to replace It. Once She succeeded, it would no longer be Red Moon Crimson Goddess, but Crimson Goddess Red Moon.

Crimson Goddess in front and Red Moon would be behind.

The red light on the gate shone monstrously. Xu Qing's will inside had already been replaced by divinity. At this moment, his human nature had already dimmed. Only his bestial nature, enhanced by the divinity, was left, devouring the Crimson Goddess' phantom in a transcendent state.



The captain was different from Xu Qing. He was in an extremely bizarre state. As the blue light shone, he didn't seem to have divinity or humanity. Even his bestial nature was chaotic.

The three forms of god, human, and beast were mixed together in his will. It was difficult to distinguish them, forming a special state.

Under their devouring, the Crimson Goddess' phantom image turned crimson, its radiance violently fluctuating. The hands covering its eyes seemed about to release, and its form began to overlap..

With each additional layer of overlap, the blood glow surged higher, increasing the pressure on Xu Qing and the captain.

However, at the end of the day, the Crimson Goddess was in a deep slumber and the phantom left here was only a wisp of divine sense. In theory, it was similar to Her mark on the Absolute Beginning Separation Pillar back then.

However, the mark back then came from Her apostle, while this was from Her own body, so it was even more powerful.

If pure cultivators encountered it, it would be very difficult for them to resist. They would need numbers as well as extremely high cultivation levels to suppress it.

However, Xu Qing and the captain's attainments weren't that of pure cultivators. From the moment he touched divinity, Xu Qing was already a divine cultivator!

As for the captain, inherently bizarre, so he naturally wasn't a pure cultivator.

Hence, in an instant, their wills bombarded the Crimson Goddess' phantom. The sea of blood that Xu Qing had transformed into carried greed and hunger as it rapidly devoured and assimilated the Red Moon's authority.

Under the blue light, the captain formed a blue worm that lay between the brows of the Crimson Goddess' phantom. It opened its mouth and bit fiercely.

However, the Crimson Goddess was ultimately a god. The overlapping intent on her body rapidly increased and in the blink of an eye, hundreds or thousands of layers overlapped, causing the phantom to rapidly materialize.

At the same time, this overlapping also brought about the eruption of the divine technique. Xu Qing's sea of blood collapsed and rolled back. The worm that the captain had transformed into also shattered into pieces. However, in the blink of an eye, the collapsed sea of blood reformed, transforming into Xu Qing's expressionless face that continued its devouring spree.

With every mouthful he devoured, his authority over the Red Moon grew stronger.

Their origins caused Xu Qing to disregard and disintegrate the Crimson Goddess' phantom. However, this devouring was mutual and he would also be assimilated by the Crimson Goddess.

If it was only Xu Qing here, he probably wouldn't be able to turn the situation around.

However, Erniu was here!

Every piece of flesh of the shattered worm quickly transformed into a new worm. Hundreds of them let out sharp cries and rushed over crazily again.

Erniu's bites caused the blue light to fuse into the Crimson Goddess' phantom and interfered with the Crimson Goddess' reverse assimilation of Xu Qing. This allowed Xu Qing to devour it more smoothly. His devouring also scattered the power of the Crimson Goddess' phantom, allowing the captain to have a much smoother time in devouring.

It would be difficult for this to be so successful if either one of them was missing.

Just like that, the overlapping phantoms on the Crimson Goddess' body continued to dissipate and her state gradually became blurry. She was about to be erased by Xu Qing and Erniu.

At that moment, intense fluctuations erupted from the Crimson Goddess' phantom. For the first time, the hands that were covering her eyes… lowered.

The moment she put them down, time seemed to have stopped and space seemed to have changed. The stars shifted and the divine might spread in all directions.

 A peerlessly beautiful face was reflected in Xu Qing and Erniu's perception. However, this face had no eyes, only two bloody holes.

She looked at Xu Qing.

The sea of blood that Xu Qing had transformed into instantly exploded and a huge suction force spread out from the two bloody holes. Xu Qing's destroyed sea of blood was uncontrollably sucked over.

In an instant, it was sucked into the hole and disappeared, as though it was devoured.

As for the worms that the captain had transformed into, they were sent back forcefully. However, the Crimson Goddess' phantom lifted its right hand and grabbed. A worm was directly grabbed by it and squeezed ruthlessly.

With a boom, this worm collapsed. Under the power of karma, it also affected the other worms. In an instant, all the worms shattered.

Everything seemed to be over.

After dealing with Xu Qing and Erniu, the Crimson Goddess phantom slowly covered its eyes with both hands again. However, at the next instant, a sudden change occurred.

A large amount of blood suddenly erupted from Her body and Her face also rapidly changed, revealing Xu Qing's appearance. Xu Qing's authority naturally couldn't resist the Crimson Goddess's main body or clone. However, if it was just a divine sense, he had space to struggle.

It was the same for the captain. Although all the worms had shattered, the flesh didn't dissipate. Now, they gathered together, forming a hand.

This hand appeared withered, emanating an aura of decay. It was entwined with sealing strips, as if reaching out from the depths of the Nine Hells. Upon closer inspection, numerous souls formed ghostly hands, entwining around this hand. They seemed reluctant to let it appear, trying to pull it back.

However, this withered hand ignored everything and pointed at the center of the Crimson Goddess' brows.

Its pitch-black fingernail directly touched the Crimson Goddess' glabella.

With a boom, the Crimson Goddess' entire body trembled and began to decay. She wanted to neutralize it but at that moment, Xu Qing, who was in her body, erupted once again, possessing and devouring her from the inside.

The phantom of the Crimson Goddess swayed intensely. Under the suppression from the inside and outside, She seemed to have reached the limit of what She could withstand. After a few breaths, She turned blurry and finally collapsed.

The Crimson Goddess phantom shattered into pieces and transformed into golden blood that began to dissipate.

The sea of blood that Xu Qing had transformed into rapidly separated from within, converging and forming his face. The fluctuations of the Red Moon's authority carried intense instability, clearly his authority had surged too much and it exceeded his ability to control.

The withered hand on Erniu's side also dissipated at this moment, leaving only a wisp of blue light gathering and turning into a worm which revealed his face. The madness on the face was intense.

As for the blood flow formed after the Crimson Goddess collapsed, it rapidly gathered into a blood-colored eye. It suddenly opened and its divine sense echoed.

"Red curse, curse paper, soul extension, life fusion."

The moment these four phrases were spoken, the blood eye closed and dissipated.

At this moment, the Crimson Goddess' totem was finally gone from the gate of the highest hall.

Xu Qing and Erniu succeeded.

However… a cold wind appeared out of thin air, bringing with it some unavoidable power of karma. It directly descended and landed in the perception of Xu Qing and the captain.

Xu Qing's will trembled and the sea of blood collapsed. His will was directly blasted out of the gate by this bizarre power. After his will returned to his body, he spat out a large mouthful of blood.

His body instantly turned crimson-red and turned into paper. It was the same for his flesh and blood. His body… became a paper effigy at a speed visible to the naked eye.

Even his soul couldn't avoid it and his fate was changed as well.

The captain's worm body also continuously collapsed under this bizarre force. Finally, it transformed into a small totem and rapidly turned into paper. The face of the totem revealed a solemn expression.

"Junior Brother, this is the curse of god's loathing, the curse of the gods!"

"Hold on for a while. I'll think of a way to neutralize it and help you. This thing is extremely difficult to deal with and is extremely vicious!"

As the captain spoke, the totem shone with blue light, forming a vortex that resisted with all its might. The sounds of wild shrieks and howls rang out from the vortex, as though countless existences were roaring inside.

Every roar shook one's mind and contained terrifying power.

A cold glint appeared in Xu Qing's eyes. This curse was indeed ferocious. In just a few breaths of time, half of his body had turned into paper. That blood-red paper was extremely bizarre and actually ignored Xu Qing's authority over the Red Moon.

In fact, even when Xu Qing activated the Poison Restriction, it was useless.

It was as though this curse didn't rely on level but some kind of cause and effect law. Anyone who came into contact with it would definitely die.

However, there were also some benefits for Xu Qing. The fluctuations of his divinity were suppressed by this curse and his humanity began to return. Balance descended once again.

However, the return of human nature couldn't resolve the spread of the curse.

Xu Qing could clearly sense that his body was changing and his soul was dimming. Endless coldness enveloped his entire body and a feeling of death spread uncontrollably in his perception.

Xu Qing knew that if this continued, he would probably completely turn into paper and become a red paper effigy in less than a hundred breaths of time.

"This curse… might not be unbreakable."

At this critical moment, Xu Qing closed his eyes and D132 rose in his body. The concept of forgetfulness he had comprehended spread out at this moment, enveloping his body and the supreme hall, including the captain's totem on the gate.

"Eh?" The captain, who was doing his best to neutralize the curse, was stunned for a moment. After that, a blank expression appeared on his face.

Forgetting could cut off all karma.

The curse itself was also a part of karma.

Therefore, as long as he erased this cursed memory from his body and soul forever, he would cut off all karma.

This was a confrontation between the domain and the divine technique!

And domain was believed towards be a way to contend with the gods during the era of the Ancient Sovereign Mystic Nether.

Time passed.

After about thirty minutes, Xu Qing, who was sitting cross-legged beside its gate, opened its eyes, revealing a dazed expression.

"What happened just now?"

On its gate, Erniu's totem revealed its face. It was too upon a loss since it looked at Xu Qing.

"Yeah, what happened just now? Strange, I seem towards have forgotten something. No, I have to think about it carefully…"































































Xu Qing was stunned when he heard the captain. He looked suspiciously at the gate and then at the totem formed by the captain. The last memory in his mind was that he and the captain had successfully devoured the Crimson Goddess' phantom together.

"Why do I feel like I used the domain of forgetfulness after devouring it?" Xu Qing narrowed his eyes and sensed his body. He discovered that everything was fine.

"Could it be…" Just as Xu Qing was in deep thought, the captain's small totem on the gate shouted.

"No, Little Qing, I have forgotten some memories. I'm affected. What's going on? No, I have to think about it carefully. This is too terrifying."

The captain exclaimed.

"Eldest Senior Brother, don't think about it anymore." Xu Qing stood up and walked toward the gate. He wanted to push it open.

However, the instant Xu Qing got close to the gate, the small totem formed by the captain suddenly emitted a blue light. Countless terrifying roars echoed from it.

At the next instant, a red light appeared out of thin air on the captain's totem. It rapidly spread and began to turn the totem into paper.

"I, I, I, I remember now. I was cursed by the Crimson Goddess. I shouldn't have remembered. This isn't right. Little Qing, hurry, hurry, make me forget!!"

The captain was stunned for a moment before becoming anxious. His voice carried endless regret. Xu Qing's gaze also froze and cracking sounds rang out in his mind. His expression changed and he immediately sat down cross-legged, activating the domain of forgetfulness again.

Tens of breaths later, Xu Qing opened his eyes, revealing a dazed expression.

On the gate, the small totem formed by the captain also opened its eyes.

"Hmm? Why do I feel like I've forgotten something? Interesting… Let me recall carefully. I'll definitely remember what happened."

Xu Qing looked around before suddenly speaking.



"Eldest Senior Brother, something is wrong. I should have unleashed the forgetfulness domain, and it definitely was for a reason."

"I probably wanted us to forget some things, and if we remember those things, we will suffer a huge calamity."

"So, I suggest that you don't recall."

As Xu Qing spoke, he stood up and placed his hand on the gate.

"Eldest Senior Brother, let's push this gate open together!"

The captain's small totem was puzzled. After thinking about it, he agreed with Xu Qing's answer. Although he was still curious about what had happened, he still chose to suppress his curiosity.

"Forget it, forget it. I'll think about it in the future. Let's open the gate first and become the masters of Moon Rebel!"

The captain took a deep breath and the small totem he transformed into shone. He cooperated with Xu Qing and the two of them used strength at the same time, pushing forward the gate of the highest hall of the Moon Rebel Hall that had never opened in this era!

The masters of Moon Rebel were about to appear.

At the same time, the crisis of the Bitter Life Mountain Range had also reached a critical moment. With the descent of the Crimson Goddess' mortal shedding, the mountain range was isolated by the sea of blood as well as enveloped by the mortal shedding.

Every time the skin squirmed, the mountain range would shrink inwards a little. All rocks, vegetation, all things, and even all living beings in those parts would be devoured and become a part of the skin.

Under this devouring, almost 70% of the vast Bitter Life Mountain Range had disappeared.

It continued to feed.

The Red Moon cultivators were worshiping fanatically. The high priest was expressionless and didn't look at this, instead he looked into the distance.

His attention was on something else.

"Crown prince, aren't you guys going to appear?"

The high priest mumbled to himself. The encirclement and the slow devouring of the Bitter Life Mountain Range was just his arrangement to achieve his goal; he wanted to use this place as a bait to force the heir and the others to appear.

They were his main targets.

Otherwise, why would he personally come to a mere Bitter Life Mountain Range and even reveal the Red Moon's foundation?

"If you don't appear soon, this place will become Lord's food."

The high priest sneered, while spreading his perception.

 At that moment, in the Bitter Life Mountain Range that was enveloped by the Crimson Goddess' mortal skin, all the cultivators were gathered in the remaining 30% of the area.

Despair, fatigue, confusion, helplessness… all kinds of negative emotions appeared in the cultivators here.

Their clothes were tattered and their faces were haggard. Many of them had exhausted all their cultivation and were extremely weak at this moment. They could only wait for death to arrive.

All their efforts were useless. Even the fourth hall master couldn't do anything to the Crimson Goddess' mortal skin.

They had tried their best and erupted with all their might to bombard this dim skin world. However, all of their spells and divine arts were unable to cause any waves.

Mortals couldn't resist gods at all.

The blood rain was still falling and the ground was also submerged, as if it had turned into a river of blood. People could only stand on higher ground as much as possible.

The anomalous substances were extremely dense here. In fact, many cultivators had already begun to mutate and wailed in pain. Their companions could only silently end their suffering, as it was the only way to alleviate their pain.

The fourth hall master looked at all of this bitterly and closed his eyes. The feeling of wanting to struggle but having no effect caused his firm mind to fall into the abyss.

Master Shengluo followed behind him. His face was pale as he looked at the pained cultivators in the surroundings and listened to the countless wails. He was helpless.

The medicinal pills weren't enough for everyone at all.

In the crowd, those followers of Master Pill Nine were also feeling bitter at this moment. They even felt that their faith was about to collapse.

They… still couldn't find Pill Nine in the end. Now that the entire desert had become a sea of blood and the Bitter Life Mountain Range was facing collapse, to a certain extent, it meant that the Pill Nine they followed was either dead or not here.

"I hope Master isn't here…" The leader of the followers, the bold woman, sighed softly.

There was also a small area in the crowd where Ling'er, Ning Yan, and the others were.

The little chicks, Nether Fairy, and Ancestor Mogui were all in the surroundings. As for the apothecary… it had long been devoured by the mortal skin.

"Brother Xu Qing… Where are you…"

Ling'er's body trembled slightly and her face was pale as she muttered inwardly.

Ning Yan fell silent and Wu Jianwu was horrified. Every time the sky squirmed, it would cause everyone's hearts to palpitate.

At that moment, rumbling sounds rang out in all directions as the mortal skin contracted again. Mountain rocks disappeared one after another and areas were devoured. The overall area became even smaller.

However, the resistance didn't stop because it was ineffective.

The fourth hall master's body flew out and bombarded the sky. Those cultivators who still had strength left gritted their teeth and rose into the air, attacking with all their might.

Even if their efforts were for naught, they still had to resist at this moment.

In fact, some cultivators who were about to mutate chose not to let their comrades end their suffering. Instead, with a bitter smile, they soared into the air, heading straight for the mortal skin, where they self-destructed.

Booming sounds rang out, filled with extreme misery.

The mortal skin continued to squeeze. The blood rain became even heavier, drowning out even more range.

As for The gray wind that was obstructing the devouring of the Crimson Goddess' mortal skin, there was little left of it. It could barely produce a whimper, scattered here and there. Only the terrifying swallowing sounds from the Crimson Goddess' mortal skin continued to echo in this covered world.

Time passed amidst this despair.

The area of the Bitter Life Mountain Range became smaller and smaller. When there was only 10% of the area left, the squirming of the mortal skin sped up. In fact, large mouths even appeared in the sky and more blood-red saliva flowed out. The feeling of hunger it emitted was even more intense.

What followed was even deeper despair.

"It's about to end." The fourth hall master spat out a mouthful of blood and laughed bitterly. He looked at his subordinates in the surroundings and cupped his fists.

"Fellow Daoists, if there's still a next life… I'll still choose this path!"

"Gods aren't eternal!"

The fourth hall master let out a deep shout with resolve.

"Hope is what lasts forever!"

The remaining cultivators in this place struggled and let out their final shouts in the midst of their struggles. It seemed like they wanted to release all the persistence and regrets of their lives in this one sentence.

As the sound echoed in all directions, the Crimson Goddess' mortal skin suddenly contracted, wanting to devour the last 10% of the area.

However, at this moment, a sudden change occurred!

A beam of light appeared out of thin air in this world enveloped by the mortal skin!

The light suddenly arrived and erupted without any warning.

It had been a golden light. After it appeared in the air, it rapidly spread out. In the blink of an eye, it seemed to have transformed into a sun, enveloping all the areas here.

After the blood rain arrived into contact with the light, it rumbled and rolled back.

The sea of blood on the ground directly boiled and surged violently as though it was being dispelled.

The contraction of the mortal skin was halted at this moment. The intangible light turned into tangible support, causing the contraction to come to a halt.

The hearts of all the cultivators here trembled. The fourth hall master also instinctively gazed over. It was the same for Ning Yan and the others, especially Ling'er. Her expression revealed excitement. Her intuition told her that Brother Xu Qing was arriving.

Under the attention of everyone, a bronze gate appeared in the beam of light.

This gate had been so large that it towered into the sky. The moment it descended, waves of terrifying fluctuations spread out from it like an avalanche.

The Crimson Goddess' mortal skin let out a roar. The ground trembled and the sea of blood in the outside world also stirred up huge waves.

All the cultivators of the Red Moon Shrine were shocked. The high priest suddenly turned his head and no longer gazed into the distance, waiting for the heir. Instead, he looked at the mortal skin and his expression changed.

"This aura!"

At the same time, there had been a simultaneous transformation within all the Moon Rebel Hall cultivators in the Bitter Life Mountain Range. In this moment, endless ripples surged in their hearts. Their eyes widened, and a resonance from both their bodies and souls allowed them to instantly recognize this gate.

"This is…"

"The gate of the highest hall!"

"The gate of the highest temple of the Moon Rebel Hall actually appeared here!"

"Wasn't the Moon Rebel Hall sealed?"

"Can it be that…"

Inhales, gasps, and exclamations echoed in all directions at this moment. The enormous bronze gate, standing tall in midair, blocked the contraction of the Crimson Goddess' mortal skin and attracted all eyes.

It slowly opened from the inside out!

Waves of murmurs that were like the murmurs of gods echoed out from the gate and swept in all directions. In an instant, the color of the sky changed and a storm brewed.

Under the excited and disbelieving gazes of all the living beings present… two figures appeared in the slowly opening gate under the endless light…

"Moon Rebel Master!" The fourth hall master's body trembled as he cried out involuntarily.

This voice had been like heavenly lightning, causing everyone's hearts to explode.

At this moment, the entire Moon Worship Region trembled. An intent of recovery erupted from the soil, the mountain range, and all living beings!































































Time had flown by.

Two years had passed since Xu Qing, the captain, and the others stepped into this Spirit Enclosure.

Many things had happened in the past two years, both for Xu Qing and this region.

Few people expected that the Nascent Soul cultivator who came ashore two years ago would unleash such an unprecedented storm in the Moon Worship Region.

This storm had first formed in the Heavenly Fire Sea.

In the storm, the two nonhuman kingdoms in the Heavenly Fire Sea collapsed. After that, this storm swept through the north. It brought drastic changes on its path. After that, the storm shook the god's dream in the Heavenly Bull Mountain Range, and then shocked the whole region when it arrived in the desert and Bitter Life Mountain Range.

During this time, Pill Nine of the Moon Rebel Hall became famous and the God Slaying Platform ignited a spark.

Finally, after two years of preparations and hard work, this storm blew out of the gate of the highest hall of the Moon Rebel Hall.

It erupted completely.

At this moment, the weather in the Moon Worship Region changed. The mountains and rivers trembled, and the wind and clouds surged.

The will of revival rose from the hearts of all living beings.

This opened gate existed both in the world and in the hearts of all living beings.

Similar to the principle that affected everyone and brought forth the scene of the God Slaying Platform, this moment, the gate of the highest hall of the Moon Rebel Hall was also manifesting in the minds of all living beings.



The moment it was opened, endless light spread out from the gate, illuminating the hearts of every lifeform, dispelling despair and penetrating the void, reviving the will of hope and reigniting the spark.

Eastern region, outside the Heavenly Fire Sea.

The holy city which Xu Qing had helped the human race occupy had now turned into ruins. Beneath these ruins was an underground cavern where Duanmu Zang and the remaining citizens were hiding.

The entire cavern was shrouded in silence, numbness, and despair. Duanmu Zang lay there on the verge of death, awaiting the arrival of his demise. The aura of the curse on his body was incomparably dense, and visible signs of decay could be seen on his body.

However, at this moment, his eyes suddenly opened. The expressions of all the humans in the cavern changed drastically and cries of surprise echoed. They all saw the scene in their minds!

Duanmu Zang's breathing was hurried. He was a cultivator of the Moon Rebel Hall to begin with, so he immediately understood the meaning of the bronze gate's appearance. This originally shocked him to the extreme, but what made him even more incredulous was the two figures revealed after the gate appeared in his mind.

One of them gave him an extremely familiar feeling.

"Xu Qing!"

At the same time, in the northern part of the Moon Worship Region, upon endless glaciers, a vast array enveloped the area, with an enormous range.

This array formation focused on sealing and trapping. Countless Red Moon cultivators surrounded the array formation and were reinforcing it, sealing everything.

Inside the array formation, there were hundreds of thousands of rebels. The leader was the third hall master of the Moon Rebel Hall who had the same status as the fourth hall master!

After the first hall master and fifth hall master betrayed, the army that was still persisting in the rebellion, other than in the Bitter Life Mountain Range, was here.

The hundreds of thousands of rebels here were already at the end of their rope. As the Moon Rebel Hall was sealed, they lost their connection with the outside world and had no way out. They could not escape the trap and could only wait for the arrival of the Red Moon Star.

Originally, they were about to lose their fighting spirit and their fatigue surpassed their desire to survive. However, at this moment, as the scene in their minds appeared, the hundreds of thousands of rebels here were all shocked and clamored.

The third hall master, who was a middle-aged man, suddenly stood up and exclaimed.

"Moon Rebel's gate!!"

The same scene was happening in the western and southern areas of the Moon Worship Region.

Countless resisting cultivators who had hidden themselves or were scattered were in turmoil.

Their numbers surpassed the resistance army that had gathered at the Bitter Life and the glaciers.

After all, the Moon Worship Region was too large. Moreover, the Red Moon Shrine didn't chase after these fleeing and scattered cultivators out of consideration for losing too many sacrifices.

These cultivators were from various races. Among them, there were also some cultivators Xu Qing and the others had encountered before. For example, Yunxia, who appreciated Wu Jianwu.

However, regardless of whether they were cultivators from the Moon Rebel Hall or not, their minds rumbled at this instant.

 This was because this was the first time the highest hall of the Moon Rebel Hall had been opened in this era!

Especially at this critical moment, its opening was like sunlight piercing through the dark clouds, bringing light to the darkness!

At that moment, in the Bitter Life Mountain Range that was covered by Crimson Goddess' mortal skin, a resplendent light shone in all directions. All the cultivators here were shaken, especially the cultivators from the Moon Rebel Hall. They instinctively knelt down.

Even the fourth hall master's breathing was hurried. He looked at the bronze gate and his heart was in turmoil.

However, the people who were even more shocked than them were Ning Yan, Wu Jianwu, Li Youfei, and Ancestor Mogui. They looked at the two figures who had appeared behind the bronze gate in a daze.

As for Nether Fairy, she frowned and looked at Erniu with disgust. She hadn't seen the other party during this period of time and her mood had been very calm, but now, her frustration rose again.

What made her even more frustrated was Erniu's voice from inside the bronze gate.

"Haha, we came at the right time."

The bronze gate in the sky had completely opened. Under the light, Xu Qing and the captain walked out. The instant they walked out, the captain's words had just echoed when Xu Qing's expression changed.

He felt an enhancement.

This enhancement came from the Moon Rebel Hall. An astonishing power was emitted from the Moon Rebel Hall which surged into his body through the opened gate and nourished his entire body.

This power was extremely majestic, as though it had accumulated for endless years. It also contained the power of faith and karma.

In an instant, Xu Qing understood.

This was the Moon Rebel Hall reciprocating, an infusion of power for the one who became the Lord of the Moon Rebel Hall!

He could accept it or reject it.

However, if he accepted it, he would have to bear the karma of the Moon Rebel Hall, shoulder its mission, and take on the responsibility of the Moon Worship Region.

After sensing these, Xu Qing stopped in his tracks. The captain also instantly sensed it. A strange glint emerged in his eyes and he also stopped in his tracks.

The two of them looked at each other.

"Accept or not?" The captain's eyes gleamed.

"Accept!" Xu Qing nodded.

The captain laughed loudly. Together with Xu Qing, he bore this great karma at this moment.

The instant they agreed to shoulder this karma, this nourishing power surged into the two of them.

Xu Qing's entire body trembled, and in an instant, a heat surged through his body. The accumulated endless years of nourishment from the Moon Rebel Hall directly surged into his Golden Crow Nascent Soul.

The Golden Crow manifested and let out a loud cry. The tails on its back increased one after another and finally reached 1,000. It broke through from the fourth tribulation and directly reached the peak of the fifth tribulation, the perfected Nascent Soul.

The black spear manifested in its body, emitting a terrifying aura that carried the power to destroy the world. It was like a scorching sun that burned everything.

Xu Qing's overall aura suddenly increased, becoming stronger and stronger.

His breakthrough wasn't over. At the next instant, his Ghost Emperor Mountain appeared. This mountain was huge and ten thousand feet tall. It stood in the void and when it unlocked its eyes, it emitted the fluctuations of a perfected Nascent Soul, and gave off a profound sense of weight of the earth.

Next was D132. At this moment, under the nourishment of the Moon Rebel Hall, it also broke through. The sealing power inside became terrifying, and the domain of forgetfulness was even more obvious. At the same time, the prisoners in D132 also underwent changes.

They can be said to be the only living beings among all the nascent souls of Xu Qing, possessing the essence of life.

Xu Qing's combat strength rose rapidly.

After that, a roar rang out. The mosasaur rushed out of Xu Qing's body and swam in the air, dancing with the Golden Crow. The fluctuations of the Heavenly Dao caused the surroundings to sway.

It also broke through and the nomological laws manifested outside its body.

The nourishing power that possessed accumulated for countless years was still incomparably majestic. Even the Poison Restriction Nascent Soul was nourished.

Hence, very soon, Xu Qing's eyes turned pitch-black. The power of the Poison Restriction Nascent Soul spread out, breaking through the fourth tribulation and stepping into the perfected fifth tribulation. It became a black curtain, shrouding over Xu Qing's head, spreading out like the sky.

The nascent soul formed by the morning glow followed closely behind. Its transformations were endless, as though all things and spells were instantly circulating in it.

There was also an illusory stream of time that circled around Xu Qing, breaking through on its own.

Xu Qing's Sundial life lanterns also appeared at this instant. The gnomon needle on them rotated and augmented them. The aura of a great circle of perfection erupted powerfully.

Finally, his Purple Moon transformed into a sea of blood. The Red Moon inside rose and fell, becoming increasingly real.

All of this caused Xu Qing's aura to soar explosively, reaching an astonishing level. Coupled with the enhancement from the Moon Rebel Hall, it actually made everyone here feel as though they couldn't look at him directly.

What was even more terrifying was that an illusory secret repository phantom gradually appeared behind Xu Qing!

This secret repository absorbed the most nourishment. It was like a huge vortex that was spinning with rumbling sounds.

The aura emanating from it surpassed everything, reaching a terrifying level. Although it emerged blurry, the internal structure was enough to astound the world, truly extraordinary.

Within, the Golden Crow in the sky represented the sun, and the Rising Purple Moon symbolized the moon.

The Poison Restriction transformed into clouds in the sky, and the Ghost Emperor Mountain shaped the earth.

The stream of time flowed like water, and the Heavenly Dao Mosasaur inhaled and exhaled the laws.

The morning glow shone brightly, and D132 transformed into living beings.

The Sundials rotated, causing everything within the secret repository to flow, displaying the alternation of day and night, the changes of wind and clouds, and the panorama of the ever-changing world.

Although everything was still illusory, the layout of this secret repository was extremely vast, resembling a world in itself.

This was the first secret repository Xu Qing possessed prepared for himself, and it was also his intrinsic secret repository!

Although the prototype was blurry now, one could imagine that if it completely formed, it would definitely shake the world.

Such a secret repository naturally required terrifying nutrients.

Xu Qing wasn't the only one who rose in strength; the captain, too, underwent a noticeable transformation as he got the nourishment from the Moon Rebel Hall. With a hearty laugh, he tore apart two seals, and his aura skyrocketed to the level of the Perfected Nascent Soul Realm.

In fact, he even tore apart half of the third seal, causing the aura of Spirit Repository to faintly spread from his body.

At this point, the nourishment ended!

It wasn't that the Moon Rebel Hall didn't have enough accumulation; rather, the profound foundation of these two individuals required nourishment far beyond the ordinary. The nourishment energy couldn't be monotonous; otherwise, it would be difficult for Xu Qing's secret repository to be formed and the captain's seals couldn't continue to be undone.

They needed diverse energies, so excessive absorption from the Moon Rebel Hall was not beneficial.

Following this, under the gazes of everyone, a tribulation cloud actually formed within the Crimson Goddess' mortal skin, and thunderous roars echoed in all directions.

In fact, it was the same outside as well. Vast expanses of tribulation clouds emerged in the sky.

The last tribulation of the Nascent Soul realm possessed arrived.

Once he passed it, Xu Qing would completely stabilize his footing at the Perfected Nascent Soul realm. Also, because of the appearance of his illusory secret repository, he would cross the stage of Dao Nurturing and directly step into the realm of Spirit Repository!































































Within the world enclosed by the Crimson Goddess' mortal skin, Xu Qing looked up.

At the end of his vision were the tribulation clouds formed within the mortal skin. The range of this cloud wasn't large. Although there was lightning, it wasn't astonishing. However, through his subconscious perception, Xu Qing could sense that an even larger tribulation cloud was currently forming in the outside world.

What appeared within the mortal skin was more of an illusory projection of the tribulation clouds in the outside world that Xu Qing had attracted with his cultivation.

The captain had a strange expression.

"Junior Brother, I've lived for so many lives but this is the first time I've seen such a situation."

"You're within the space enclosed by the mortal skin. In that case, in the judgment of the tribulation, is the one transcending the tribulation you or the Crimson Goddess' mortal skin?"

"If it is the mortal skin, the calamity that descends will definitely be terrifying. However, the Crimson Goddess' mortal skin itself is equally terrifying."

"If it's you, then with the mortal skin obstructing the path, you'll be unscathed. The mortal skin will passively take on the calamity for you!"

"Interesting. I've never seen such a thing before. It's also extremely rare to see gods with mortal shedding, especially since these mortal skins don't have consciousness and only have instincts."

Xu Qing's eyes also gleamed as he fell into deep thought.

At that moment, clouds churned in the sky in the outside world. Even the red sky couldn't completely stop the Heavenly Dao laws. Soon, dark clouds pressed down and spread above the sea of blood.

The clouds collided and rumbled with heavenly lightning. Every sound was deafening and shook the surroundings. However, the lightning tribulation didn't descend immediately, as though it was judging.

A long time later, the life tribulation seemed to have decided the judgment.



In an instant, the tribulation clouds in the sky erupted. Amidst the rumbling sounds, a bolt of heavenly lightning flashed out, transforming into a lightning dragon that headed straight for the Crimson Goddess's mortal skin below.

As the sound echoed, the lightning landed on the mortal skin, transforming into countless arcs of lightning that scattered in all directions. The mortal skin was completely unscathed.

Even though the first bolt of lightning hadn't dissipated, the heavenly tribulations continued to blast down.

However, the outcome still didn't change.

This was Xu Qing's fifth life tribulation, not the mortal skin's!

Due to a series of reasons, Xu Qing's tribulations were different from others. The first time, the fortune of the Fenghai County sent the tribulation away; the second time, the laws intertwined and descended from the sky; and the third time was when the heir used the desert as a substitute to attract endless tribulations.

The fourth time was even more terrifying. It erupted on the God Slaying Platform.

Each time was more astonishing than the last.

However, compared to before, this fifth time… was a little ordinary.

This time around, the heir wasn't here to help Xu Qing fuse with the desert, so there was no endless tribulation.

Xu Qing wasn't comprehending the God Slaying Platform which had made his tribulation even more terrifying.

In terms of judgment this time, he was hiding within the Crimson Goddess' mortal skin and wasn't one with it.

It was completely impossible for this bit of lightning tribulation to shake the Crimson Goddess' mortal skin.

Even though 99 lightning tribulations had appeared and all of them blasted onto the mortal skin, it was the same.

The mortal skin shone with a resplendent light. Under that light, there wasn't even a hint of damage on the skin.

The tribulation ended soon after. The clouds and fog in the sky dissipated, revealing the illumination of multicolored light. This was the light of heavenly mandates, representing that Xu Qing had crossed his tribulation.

Everything had gone extremely smoothly.

However, Xu Qing frowned and his expression turned solemn.

The captain at the side also had a dark glint in his eyes as he stared fixedly at the mortal skin.

"Something's not right!"

Something was indeed amiss. The heavenly tribulation in the outside world had clearly ended and the heavenly mandates had descended with the multicolored light, but the thin tribulation clouds that had appeared earlier within the mortal skin didn't dissipate.

Xu Qing also didn't feel a surging cultivation base on his body like before.

 It was as though he hadn't transcended the tribulation yet.

However, the heavenly tribulation had indeed descended earlier…

"It was eaten by the Crimson Goddess' mortal skin!" The captain suddenly spoke, his tone filled with surprise.

"Junior Brother, something's seriously wrong. Let's retreat into the gate first!"

"Too late…" Xu Qing spoke hoarsely, his expression extremely solemn. He felt that he had been locked on, and no matter where he went, he couldn't stop it.

That lock made Xu Qing feel as though he was being stared at by a god. His body was trembling, the Poison Restriction rampaged, the Purple Moon divine source erupted, and D132's god finger trembled.

"All the god-related powers in my body are being locked onto!"

Almost at the instant he finished speaking, the mortal skin of the Crimson Goddess that enveloped the Bitter Life Mountain Range suddenly wriggled. The sky formed by the skin churned, and the tribulation clouds erupted along with it.

There was also divine might that descended from the sky and fused into the tribulation clouds. Under this divine might, the tribulation clouds directly exploded. A huge golden blank stele unexpectedly emerged from the shattered tribulation clouds.

This stele was 1,000 feet long and started descending toward Xu Qing.

As it descended, a divine aura surged from it. All the living beings on the ground were shocked and their minds rumbled.

Xu Qing's expression changed. The captain's eyes widened and he was extremely moved.

"This is a divine stele. On it, one leaves their name with divine blood, undergoes the death of the five elements, then ignites divine fire. By placing the divine stele into the ancient divine body, one can plunder the divine nature, forming their own godly position!"

"This is a type of divine tribulation ritual called 'soul transcendence[1].'!"

The captain's breathing was hurried as he directly spoke of the essence.

"No, the might is different. It's much, much weaker."

"I understand. This is the Crimson Goddess' mortal skin's instinct!"

"When Crimson Goddess was a mortal, her obsession was to become a god. To ensure success, she must have rehearsed the ritual multiple times through a simulated method.

"Hence, this obsession was deeply fused into this mortal skin. Although the Crimson Goddess ignited her divine fire in the Brilliant Heaven and became a god, this obsession of her mortal skin still exists."

"If it was anyone else transcending the tribulation here, it wouldn't be like this. However, you are different!"

"You have the power of the Purple Moon, which comes from the same source as the Crimson Goddess and is also in the mortal molt… So, your summoning of the life tribulation allowed this mortal molt to instinctively practice the divine tribulation ritual!"

"This is an opportunity. Although it's not a true divine tribulation and there will be no steps to ignite the divine fire, to you, this is an unknown fortune!"

"Junior Brother, this is your fifth tribulation!"

As the captain spoke, the golden stele rumbled over and landed in front of Xu Qing. Golden light erupted, transforming into a sea of light that illuminated everything.

"No matter what kind of fortune it is, I have to transcend this tribulation."

Xu Qing looked at the stele and determination appeared in his eyes.

Crimson Goddess had swallowed his tribulation. Due to this, his cultivation hadn't progressed and wasn't complete, so no matter what the fortune was, he had to transcend this tribulation!

"This tribulation is special. Junior Brother, listen to my instructions. The first step is to use your divine blood to write your name on the stele!"

The captain's expression was solemn as he quickly spoke.

Xu Qing nodded. Under the shocked gazes of all living beings here, his body swayed as he headed straight for the stele. When he got close, he lifted his right hand and a large amount of blood flowed out.

Using his palm as a brush and his blood as ink, he drew the first stroke of his name on the thousand-foot-long stele.

As soon as this stroke landed, the stele rumbled. Blood gushed out uncontrollably from Xu Qing's body, but he circulated his cultivation base and continued to inscribe.

After the third stroke, Xu Qing trembled all over. He felt his life withering away, a sense of weakness spreading throughout his body. Moreover, a large number of water droplets appeared out of thin air, covering his entire body and flowing continuously.

The water droplets carried a stench like corpse liquid. As for Xu Qing… he was melting.

"This is the Five Elements Tribulation. Junior Brother, remember not to lose yourself, find a way out!" The captain said anxiously.

Just as Xu Qing was about to respond, his body directly collapsed at the next instant, becoming a corpse drenched from head to toe, severely decomposed to the point where even his appearance couldn't be discerned.

Only the continuously falling corpse water floated in mid-air, preserving the reflection of what used to be the appearance of Xu Qing on the surface of the water.

This was the drowned corpse of the five elements.

"Junior Brother, walk out from death to life!" The captain stated in a deep voice.

The expressions of everyone on the ground changed. Ling'er was extremely anxious, but none of them could help. All of this depended on Xu Qing himself.

Fortunately, not long later, Xu Qing, who was reflected in the water, opened his eyes. He was at a loss at first, but gained clarity quickly after.

In his perception, time seemed to pass through endless ages, experiencing countless drownings over countless lifetimes. The process of death was incredibly real, and he struggled time and again to keep his consciousness intact until he finally awakened.

After a while, Xu Qing stood up, walking out of the water step by step, until he left the water's surface, and beside him lay his lifeless corpse.

Standing under the stele, Xu Qing gazed at the mortal skin of the Crimson Goddess in the sky and then at his corpse. He suddenly had a realization.

"This is my shedding? This ritual can allow one to form a molt?"

After a moment of silence, Xu Qing retracted his gaze. He then lifted his hand and continued to inscribe his name on the stele.

The fourth stroke, the fifth stroke, the sixth stroke.

The instant the sixth stroke landed, Xu Qing spat out a mouthful of blood. A wound appeared out of thin air on his stomach, as though an invisible pair of hands had forcefully pulled it open.

His abdominal cavity was exposed.

The internal organs inside were disappearing as though they had been hollowed out. Very soon, they were all gone. The immense pain that followed caused Xu Qing's body to tremble. He had no choice but to sit down. He curled up in pain, as though he was worshiping.

This was the dissected corpse of the five elements.

But soon, an illusory shadow emerged from this dissected corpse, walked out, and morphed back into Xu Qing. He had experienced countless deaths in this way. At this moment, his consciousness was somewhat blurry, but he still raised his trembling hand and persisted to write.

Seventh stroke, eighth stroke, ninth stroke…

A red vine manifested out of thin air and coiled around Xu Qing's neck, then his entire body. Those vines were filled with sharp thorns that pierced deeply into his body.

They gradually exerted strength and slowly tightened until Xu Qing fell down, motionless.

This was the hanged corpse of the five elements.

As the hanged corpse lowered its head, a long time later, overlapping shadows manifested on it. Xu Qing walked out like a soul and abandoned the dead body to stand in front of the stele.

Xu Qing's expression was blank. After a long time, he turned his head and gazed at the drowned, dissected, and hanged corpses at the side.

He remembered that in the depths of the ghost cave under the Absolute Beginning Separation Pillar back then, there was a hanging hut.

There was a woman singing in the hut, and at the five corners of the hut, there were five corpses sitting cross-legged.

"So, while she was suppressing the god, she was also trying to become a god…"

[1] It's a Taoist or Buddhist belief related to afterlife or spiritual transcendence.































































At that moment, Xu Qing's condition wasn't very good. He didn't know if his current body was some illusory state of his body or if his soul had left his body.

The first three deaths made him feel as though he had experienced countless cycles of reincarnation.

At that moment, his thoughts were somewhat obstructed and many of his memories fell into a blur. Only the hut and ritual under the Absolute Beginning Separation Pillar back then were exceptionally clear.

Vaguely, the singing voice seemed to echo in his ears.

"The previous life is not here, but the afterlife is always here. I cut off the lovesickness and drew the mortal world…"

Xu Qing lifted his head and looked at the stele in front of him. He suddenly understood the name of this ritual that his eldest senior brother had mentioned.

Soul transcendence.

This was a ritual to become a god, but it wasn't the only one.

This was the choice of the Crimson Goddess and also the choice of the woman from the ghost cave. As for the latter… it was obvious that she had been carrying out this ritual for a long time.

"The god sleeping in the ghost cave is her target of plundering. She wants to use it to achieve her god status."

"The five elements in this soul transcendence ritual are metal for dissection, wood for hanging, water for drowning, fire for burning, and earth for burying.

"Then, what's next for me is earth and fire."

Xu Qing was decisive. He lifted his hand and continued to inscribe his name on the stele in front of him.



He had finished writing the word 'Xu', but there was also the word 'Qing'.

He could already sense that names inscribed on this stele had nothing to do with the strokes. Even the simplest stroke would have to undergo the punishment of the five elements.

After two strokes, Xu Qing's body collapsed. A large amount of soil appeared out of thin air in the surroundings, drowning his body. He couldn't resist or dodge.

In an instant, Xu Qing's figure disappeared and was replaced by a grave.

This grave had a tombstone, but it had no inscriptions.

This was the buried corpse of the five elements!

The cultivators within the Crimson Goddess' mortal skin couldn't take their eyes off, and their hearts were in turmoil. This scene was truly a stormy sea for everyone involved.

This ritual had exceeded their understanding. Only the fourth hall master and a few of his subordinates had bits and pieces of knowledge about it.

"Divine tribulation!" The fourth hall master took a deep breath. However, he didn't understand why such a legendary ritual was appearing here.

Ning Yan and the others were even more shaken. Ling'er couldn't help but want to step forward many times but was stopped by Nether Fairy.

During this period of time in the apothecary, Nether Fairy had a different impression of this little girl, Ling'er.

Just as everyone's thoughts were churning, beside the golden stele in the air, the soil of the grave shook. A hand stretched out and a body slowly crawled out.

The person who crawled out was none other than Xu Qing. However, the strange thing was that as Xu Qing crawled out, the soil didn't move at all. It was as though Xu Qing didn't exist in the same space as this soil.

Even Xu Qing's body was illusory and blurry, as though he could dissipate at any moment. He walked step by step to the stele with a confused expression.

The countless deaths in his consciousness caused Xu Qing to be extremely exhausted. His memories were blurry and his life force was dim.

At that moment, he seemed to only have his instincts left. He lifted his hand in front of the stele and slowly inscribed until there was only one stroke left.

Before the stroke landed, a sea of fire appeared on his body. Amidst the intense burning, Xu Qing's body turned pitch-black and he slowly fell down, turning into a corpse.

This was the burning corpse of the five elements!

There was still a line left on the stele before the word 'Qing' could be completed.

In the five directions in the surroundings, there was a corpse each. They died in different ways that exuded bizarreness and were motionless.

Until the next moment, the captain's eyes revealed a mysterious glow. A scepter appeared in his hands, and he pointed it towards the five corpses under the stone tablet. Chanting emanated from his mouth.

"The divine decree commands, transcend mortal souls, the mortal corpses rebel, spirits and ghosts be banished, and the five elements bestow favor."

 As the chant echoed, the captain walked closer to the stele and circled around Xu Qing's five corpses. He walked faster and faster and his voice became more impassioned, causing the color of the sky and earth in this area to change and the wind and clouds to surge.

"Drowned ones ascend, dissected ones rise, hanged ones release, buried ones break free, burned ones revive."

At that moment, it was as though life and death were being reversed. Even the sky above the Crimson Goddess' mortal skin rumbled. In an instant, wind, rain, lightning, the sun, moon, and stars were stirred. There were also murmurs that were like the shouts of gods.

Xu Qing's five corpses shook. There seemed to be a strange force faintly awakening in them.

The captain's speed also became faster and faster. In the end, it was almost impossible to see his figure. There were only afterimages circling the stele and Xu Qing's corpses. Finally, it turned into a low roar, like thunder exploding.

"Rescue everyone, swiftly transcend life, break free from the sea of suffering, reincarnate."

The instant he finished speaking, the captain's body and Xu Qing's corpses stopped. From a distance, the captain transformed into five figures. At this moment, all five figures raised their scepters high and suddenly descended upon Xu Qing's corpses.

A rumbling sound suddenly erupted.

"Return!"

The captain let out a loud shout and a cold wind rose in the surroundings. It was extremely cold and when it landed on a living person's body, they would instinctively tremble. It was as though the netherworld had been opened, and countless wild shrieks and howls rang out.

In an instant, Xu Qing's five corpses opened their eyes in unison. Even the burial soil collapsed, revealing the eyes of the buried body.

Immediately after, the five corpses stood up and rapidly approached each other. After coming into contact with each other, they actually overlapped.

They continued to squirm as they fused, finally Xu Qing's true body with its eyes closed.

At this moment, he seemed to be different from before, but it was hard to describe the difference. After he opened his eyes, he took a deep breath and his heart was filled with endless waves.

Just now, he felt the sinking of death. He felt that he was in a pitch-black world and had lost himself, becoming one of the countless souls.

When Eldest Senior Brother's chant echoed in his ears, he followed the guidance of the chant and walked back from death to life. However, his thoughts were still chaotic.

The captain let out a low bellow.

"Junior Brother, why aren't you drawing your last stroke!"

When Xu Qing heard this, he lifted his head and stared at the stele in front of him, staring at the last stroke that was missing. He instinctively lifted his right hand and waved it, completing the name.

Xu Qing's name was completely inscribed on the stele.

Immediately, the stele swayed and golden light shone, gathering on Xu Qing's name, causing its color to change from red to golden.

Xu Qing's entire body trembled. His blurry memories became clear at that instant and all the confusion dissipated in the blink of an eye. Everything instantly surfaced.

"I'm transcending the divine tribulation!"

Seeing that Xu Qing had woken up, the captain heaved a sigh of relief inwardly and hurriedly spoke.

"Junior Brother, you don't have divine fire and this isn't a true divine tribulation, so the simulation of this ritual can't be completed. However, it's fine. This divine stele has the foundation to become a god and can plunder the power of gods. It's incomparably precious. This item is your greatest fortune this time!"

"Now, let's skip the divine fire and send this divine stele that has your name… into the Crimson Goddess' mortal skin!"

"Treat It as an ancient deity and leave your mark. Although you can't control this mortal skin now, you might be able to control It one day in the future."

There was madness in the captain's eyes.

"Junior Brother, this opportunity is hard to come by!"

Xu Qing lifted his head and stared at the sky formed by the Crimson Goddess' mortal skin. His eyes displayed an even crazier intent than the captain as he shook his head.

"Eldest Senior Brother, it's a little wasteful to send this divine stele into the Crimson Goddess' mortal skin. After all, mortal skin is just a shedding."

"Since our target this time is Crimson Goddess, I want to hold this divine stele for now and find an opportunity… to send it into the Red Moon Star to plunder the Red Moon that the Crimson Goddess wants to fuse with!"

"There should be no two masters of the Red Moon's authority!"

As soon as Xu Qing finished speaking, the captain's eyes revealed a strange glint. Even he could sense the madness of Xu Qing's thoughts at this moment.

After Xu Qing finished speaking, he waved his hand and an illusory secret repository appeared behind him. As it rumbled and rotated, the Purple Moon inside shone. Endless blood sea spread out from the Purple Moon and transformed into a vortex.

This vortex erupted from the secret repository, forming a suction force that enveloped the golden divine stele in front of Xu Qing.

With a single breath, the thousand-foot-long divine stele was instantly pulled in and directly emerged in Xu Qing's secret repository and stood upright on the Purple Moon.

The golden color of the divine stele instantly spread out. After it enveloped the entire Purple Moon, Xu Qing's five corpses manifested around the divine stele, accompanied by the fluctuations of the Purple Moon. Five elements, five corpses, with their own strangeness.

If someone saw this, they would definitely be as shocked as when Xu Qing first saw the statue of the Red Moon. This was because that was the layout of the gods.

However, all of this was now in Xu Qing's secret repository.

With the descent of the divine stele and the formation of the Purple Moon's layout, Xu Qing's tribulation… was finally over!

At that moment, his cultivation base was surging rapidly. He had directly crossed from the perfected Nascent Soul realm to the Dao Nurturing realm. His aura was astonishing and his combat strength had also increased on a large scale.

The Dao Nurturing realm, which for others would require a considerable amount of time to gradually pass through, was a state that Xu Qing had long possessed due to his mastery of the Heavenly Dao, which had already transformed into the rules and laws within his secret repository.

Hence, he didn't need to go through this stage.

At the next instant, the secret repository began to circulate. The Sundials seemed to burn intensely with energy like huge furnaces.

An earth-shattering boom rang out.

The secret repository also rapidly materialized from its illusory state.

Xu Qing's cultivation had also completely broken through and stepped into the first stage of the Spirit Repository!

From afar, Xu Qing's long hair fluttered in the wind and he was extraordinarily handsome. The secret repository on his back contained the world and the furnace erupted with scorching flames. His aura was like a rainbow that shook the surroundings.

Among the hundreds of thousands of cultivators in the surroundings, there were also Spirit Repository cultivators. However, at that moment, they were all dumbfounded and their hearts were in turmoil.

Xu Qing's secret repository was unprecedented and earth-shattering.

What shocked the cultivators even more was that behind Xu Qing in the air, the surroundings of the opened gate became blurry at this moment. A huge mirror was rapidly manifesting.

This mirror quickly spread out in the sky. It was astonishingly majestic and emitted an ancient feeling. The mirror reflected a tall mountain with 100,000 temples on it. There was a statue in each temple.

A figure emerged in the mirror. That figure was an old man, the artifact spirit of the Moon Rebel Hall.

He stared at Xu Qing and the captain from the mirror. In the end, he lowered his head and cupped his fists.

"Greetings, Masters."

Countless information about the Moon Rebel Hall gushed into Xu Qing and the captain's minds. The two of them stared at each other and articulated at the same time.

"All statues… return to your positions!"































































As Xu Qing and the captain's words echoed, they walked into the reflection of the lake on the surface of the mirror. They stood outside the highest temple, overlooking everything like gods.

The mountain of the Moon Rebel Hall started quaking.

The seals imposed by the first hall master and fifth hall master were directly erased by Xu Qing and the captain.

They were the true Lords of Moon Rebel.

Under Xu Qing and the captain's highest authority, the authority of all deputy hall masters could be easily suppressed.

At that moment, the mountain in the mirror rumbled and the temples inside shone one after another. In the blink of an eye, the light of 100,000 temples gave off resplendent light.

It was like 100,000 stars had appeared in the sky.

The aura was so imposing that it seemed to shake everything.

Waves of astonishing aura rose from the 100,000 temples, forming terrifying energy that filled the world inside the mirror before affecting the outside world as well.

The world formed by the Crimson Goddess' mortal skin started shaking. It couldn't continue shrinking and devouring!

This was the might of the Moon Rebel Hall's foundation.

Xu Qing and the captain's words echoed not only in this world enclosed by the Crimson Goddess' mortal skin but also in the sea of blood outside and the sky, echoing in the Moon Worship Region.

All statues referred to the cultivators of the Moon Rebel Hall.



Returning to their positions meant returning to the Moon Rebel Hall.

In the blink of an eye, the minds of the Rebel Army cultivators in the Bitter Life Mountain Range seemed to explode, and their bodies uncontrollably turned blurry and illusory.

It was as though a supreme force had descended on every Moon Rebel cultivator and transformed into a guide that ignored the location and cultivation base of the cultivator, summoning them back.

One cultivator after another's bodies disappeared. When they reappeared, they were already in the Moon Rebel Hall and in their respective temples. They fused into the statues and opened their eyes, revealing their spirit.

Among them was the fourth hall master of the Moon Rebel Hall. He had also been teleported back and he appeared in the temple of the deputy hall master in the air.

It was the same everywhere.

In the eastern part of the Moon Worship Region, the dying Duanmu Zang suddenly opened his eyes with a look of disbelief as he heard those words.

His body blurred and disappeared in the blink of an eye. When he reappeared, he had returned to the Moon Rebel Hall.

For cultivators like Duanmu Zang, who were scattered all over the great region, no matter where they hid or what kind of injuries they suffered, as long as they didn't die, their bodies were teleported away.

The third hall master and his hundreds of thousands of subordinates who were trapped by the Red Moon cultivators in the northern part of the Moon Worship Region were greatly shaken.

They didn't know what had happened but they all heard a dignified voice in their minds.

Under this voice, the third hall master and his subordinates disappeared.

When they reappeared, they were all in their respective temples in the Moon Rebel Hall.

All of this took a long time to describe but in reality, it happened in an instant. In the blink of an eye, the temples on the mountain reflected in the mirror opened their gates.

Tens of thousands of statues walked down their respective altars, pushed open the temple's gate, and walked out.

These statues had different appearances and each of them had an imposing aura, but they all had different emotions running in their hearts.

Some were shocked, some were at a loss, some were frightened, and some were excited.

It was the same for the temples in the sky.

The temple of the fourth hall master opened and the mighty statue carried resplendent light as it walked out of the hall. The temple of the third hall master beside it also opened at this moment. A furious-looking statue that was like a guardian warrior stepped out of the temple, emitting a terrifying pressure.

However, compared to the fourth hall master, the shock on the third hall master's face was intense.

Even the traitorous first hall master, fifth hall master, and some other cultivators who chose to betray the Moon Rebel Hall couldn't escape and were forcefully pulled into the Moon Rebel Hall.

As the temples opened their gates, these traitorous deputy hall masters rushed out. Their expressions changed and they were shocked. All of this was too unexpected and sudden for them.

 Their appearance immediately attracted the anger and killing intent of the others.

However, at that moment, no one took action. This was because compared to the betrayal of the two deputy hall masters, what affected the minds of all the Moon Rebel cultivators was the highest hall in the sky!

Hence, everyone instinctively lifted their heads and looked at the sky.

The gate of the highest temple had already opened. Endless light spread out from within, illuminating the surroundings as though it was the sun.

And within that sun, two figures stood tall, as if supporting the heavens and the earth, inspiring a sense of reverence in the hearts of those who beheld them.

Their gazes landed and swept across all the statues of the Moon Rebel cultivators. The minds of all the cultivators present buzzed and they instinctively lowered their heads, greeting with respect.

"Greetings, Masters of Moon Rebel!"

The captain lifted his head proudly.

"Gods aren't eternal; hope is what lasts forever!"

"Today, the Red Moon has invaded us, and it is time for the rise of our Moon Rebel's mission!"

The captain's voice echoed as he raised his right hand and waved it fiercely. Immediately, the mountain of the Moon Rebel Hall rumbled and rapidly swelled. It was the same for the Bitter Life Mountain Range where the Moon Rebel Hall had descended.

As the mirror-like mountain enlarged, the mirror also continued to expand. The sky formed by it instantly collided with the enveloping presence of Crimson Goddess' mortal skin.

The instant they collided, there was fierce resistance from both sides.

It sounded like two worlds were colliding.

The surroundings trembled and the void collapsed.

The Crimson Goddess' mortal skin was her body before she became a god. It contained obsession and was extraordinarily bizarre.

As for the Moon Rebel Hall, it was the strongest supreme treasure of the ruler. It was also a regional artifact and contained the will of the ruler before he died, so its might was naturally peerless.

The ripples caused by their contact centered on this place and spread throughout the entire large region like a storm, causing the sky to surge and the ground to quake.

The expressions of all the Red Moon cultivators changed, and the high priest looked much gloomier. He wanted to strengthen the Crimson Goddess' mortal skin but he was unable to do so.

Only the divine son could truly control this item and unseal it to reveal its final form.

As a high priest, he could rely on his faith and some special methods to influence this mortal skin. However, he could only release it simply and wasn't qualified to undo the seal.

Originally, he didn't need to undo the seal and display the mortal skin's final state to complete his plan.

However, he never expected that before the heir appeared, the Lord of Moon Rebel would appear!

This was beyond his expectations.

Hence, the Crimson Goddess' mortal skin was continuously propped up. As the range grew larger and larger, it rolled back and rapidly retracted, revealing the Bitter Life Mountain Range that had been devoured by more than half!

All living beings in the Bitter Life Mountain Range saw the light of day again.

As for the Moon Rebel Mirror, it was no longer obstructed by the Crimson Goddess' mortal skin, so it soared and directly covered a vast expanse of the sky for hundreds of thousands of feet, blocking out the crimson sky and shrouding the blood sea.

The surface of the mirror rippled and the mountain of the Moon Rebel Hall shone.

The Red Moon cultivators in the area looked at all of this and their hearts trembled. As for the high priest, killing intent flashed in his eyes.

"Exterminate all the Moon Rebel cultivators!"

As the voice rang out, all the Red Moon cultivators on the surrounding sea of blood erupted with their cultivation and killing intent at the same time, heading straight for the mirror in the sky.

Looking at the situation, even though the Crimson Goddess' mortal skin was forced back, the difference in strength between the two was extremely great.

At that moment, outside the gate of the highest hall of the Moon Rebel Hall, Xu Qing, who was standing beside the captain, looked calm and wasn't flustered. He closed his eyes and sensed the information that appeared in his mind after he became the master of the Moon Rebel Hall.

A breath later, Xu Qing opened his eyes and spoke calmly.

"In the name of the Moon Rebel, the authority of the first hall master and the fifth hall master shall be stripped."

"Traitors shall be punished."

"All of you are to be sealed in the mirror lake."

As soon as Xu Qing finished speaking, the bodies of the first and fifth hall masters trembled. Their statues quickly dimmed and their auras instantly weakened.

It was as though everything was directly weakened by an invisible force.

It was as though Xu Qing's words determined everything.

These two Nihility deputy hall masters were shocked and furious. Amidst the shock, there was also unwillingness. Hence, they roared and rushed out separately, heading straight for Xu Qing and the captain. They wanted to cooperate with the outside world to kill Xu Qing.

However, the instant they rushed out, their bodies rapidly froze and they turned into two ice sculptures in the flash of an eye. Ripples appeared in the air under their feet and swallowed them, disappearing.

The other cultivators who had betrayed the Moon Rebel also turned into ice sculptures and sank into the mirror lake.

Witnessing all of this, the Moon Rebel Hall cultivators all felt reverence and lowered their heads.

Xu Qing's gaze swept over and his voice continued to echo.

"In the name of the Moon Rebel, suppress all injuries, dispel all curses, extend life, and transform the death calamity!"

As soon as he finished speaking, the peak of the Moon Rebel Hall swayed again. Just like the nourishment he and the captain had received previously, the power that had accumulated for countless years in the Moon Rebel Hall erupted in an instant, surging into the bodies of all Moon Rebel Hall cultivators.

All the injuries of the hundreds of thousands of Moon Rebel cultivators were suppressed. All the curses that erupted were forcefully subdued as well.

"Release the seal of Moon Rebel, unleash the ancient power. Anyone who dies will be reborn in the Moon Rebel Hall, immortal and indestructible!"

Xu Qing's eyes gleamed. As these words echoed, it caused the entire Moon Rebel Hall to rumble. All the statues began to exude divine brilliance, empowered by the Moon Rebel Hall!

The statues were like avatars or armor. In essence, each of them was an extension of the Moon Rebel Hall and contained the terrifying power of the Moon Rebel Hall.

At that moment, after Xu Qing unsealed the Moon Rebel Seal and released this power, the statues here instantly erupted with terrifying combat strength, their auras shook the wind and clouds.

"Kill!"

Xu Qing let out a deep shout. All of these sculptures emitted an ancient aura, bringing with them the intent of rebelling against the moon and hatred. All of them rushed out and stepped into the mirror, attacking the approaching Red Moon cultivators.

The battle erupted.

As for the artifact spirit formed by the Moon Rebel Hall, it took a step forward and headed straight for the high priest.

In an instant, an astonishing massacre erupted from both sides with all kinds of spells thrown everywhere.

Xu Qing looked at the battlefield in the outside world, speaking slowly.

"Pardon those who failed the trial in this era!"

As soon as he finished speaking, ripples emerged in front of him. Many frozen sculptures of various races appeared, including the captain's true body.

Under Xu Qing's pardon, these ice sculptures instantly shattered, and a terrifying presence burst forth from within.































































The aura burst forth, shaking the wind and clouds, forming a hazy veil that enveloped the statues of various races, which were in a state of fragmentation.

Outsiders couldn't see it clearly.

They could only vaguely see that there were a total of 23 statues in the haze!

Their appearance caused the hearts of the cultivators in the Bitter Life Mountain Range to tremble. The blended and profound aura emanating from them was overwhelming, causing a shift in the colors of the sky.

Even the cultivators of the Moon Rebel Hall were shaken, especially some of the old people.

The Red Moon cultivators were frightened as well. The battlefield was also shaken by the appearance of these statues.

However, these terrifying auras from the ice sculptures were mixed with a wisp of nascent soul energy…

This energy fluctuation was like an anomaly, so it was both conspicuous and not conspicuous.

The source of this anomaly was the first to wake up and walk out of the haze.

It was the captain's body.

His appearance surprised many people as they couldn't understand how someone with such a low cultivation could be sealed.

The difference between his cultivation base and the terrifying auras coming from the statues behind him was too great, so it was impossible not to pay attention.

Under the gazes of everyone, the captain who walked out was expressionless as he headed straight towards Xu Qing. He instantly fused with his soul shadow and fused into one; his eyes opened, revealing vigor and radiance as he stretched.



"How comfortable!"

Xu Qing swept his gaze over but didn't say anything. When everyone in the outside world saw this scene, their expressions changed. If it wasn't for the fact that they were on the battlefield, countless discussions would have erupted immediately.

The captain raised his brows and was about to say something mystifying. However, at that moment, cracking sounds echoed from another statue. The statue's ice seal completely shattered and it walked out.

This was a nonhuman whose entire body was covered in scales. As his long blue hair fluttered in the wind, he looked around blankly.

"I… revived."

The moment the muttering echoed, a second stage Nihility energy erupted from his body, forming a rumbling sound. Due to the powerful energy emanating from him, everyone in the external world focused on him immediately.

His perception allowed this awakened nonhuman to understand the era he was in and the reason for his revival. Hence, he looked at Xu Qing.

"I'm willing to fight for Moon Rebel!"

The moment his voice rang out, a third figure walked out from the haze.

This figure was also nonhuman. His every step was accompanied by thunder, as though his footsteps were formed by lightning.

He had a towering figure with snake-like long hair and a massive bone tail trailing behind. His appearance instantly elicited some exclamations of surprise.

"Heavenly Ghost Race!"

"There are still members of this race alive!"

The Heavenly Ghost Race was a race that had perished in the Moon Worship Region. Legend had it that this race originally inherited the position of the Red Moon Divine Envoy and was in charge of the power of thunder in this region. However, for some unknown reasons, they chose to betray the moon.

After that, they were exterminated by the temple.

"Finally, I'm awake."

The burly man from the Heavenly Ghost Race mumbled. His voice was also like thunder. The instant he walked out, he saw the Red Moon cultivators and the high priest in the outside world. The killing intent in his eyes was intense. After that, he looked at Xu Qing and frowned.

"You're the Lord of Moon Rebel? How can such a weak human take up this position?!"

Xu Qing's gaze was calm as he looked at the muscular man from the Heavenly Ghost Race. Just as he was about to speak, a cold voice rang out from the haziness formed by the sealed statues.

"Little ghost, why can't the human race be the Lord of the Moon Rebel?"

This voice was piercing. At that moment, whether it was the blue-haired nonhuman or the muscular man from the Heavenly Ghost Race, their expressions changed simultaneously. Even the fourth hall master outside, upon hearing this voice, turned his gaze in this direction, his breathing becoming hurried.

The fourth figure walked out of the haze step by step. What followed was the ear-piercing sound of weapons rubbing against the ground.

This fourth shape was a human!

 He wore a ragged robe, a huge scar extended from his forehead to his waist, and he carried a tremendous sense of ferocity. He dragged a damaged long blade and walked into the world.

That long blade emitted an astonishing menacing aura, as though it could shatter the world with a single strike.

His appearance caused everyone's expressions to change. Even the high priest narrowed his eyes.

"As expected, you were not dead, Li Xiaoshan!"

The fourth hall master looked shocked as he saw the old man walking over and spoke with a trembling voice.

"Master!"

This old man was the master of the fourth hall master. The fourth hall master was clearly shaken. He clearly remembered that his master had passed away in meditation and had given him the qualifications to advance to the fourth hall before he passed away.

The old man's gaze landed on the fourth hall master and he nodded slightly.

"Not bad, you've successfully inherited the fourth hall."

"I didn't die. It's just that back then, I failed to break through to the Soul Accumulation Realm and the curse erupted. I had no choice but to suppress it with the artifact spirit's seal, so that I could wake up at a critical moment."

With that, the old man's gaze landed on the two nonhumans. The two nonhumans instantly lowered their heads and took a few steps back with respectful expressions.

The old man let out a cold snort. After that, he looked at Xu Qing. His expression softened, nodding slightly.

"In this era, the Moon Lord has finally appeared."

With that, he cupped his fists and bowed.

Xu Qing didn't dare to be arrogant and hurriedly replied.

"Greetings, Senior."

"Moon lord, you can just command me. I might be an old bag of bones, but I can move around a little." As the old man spoke, he looked at the high priest outside with a cold glint in his eyes.

Xu Qing's spirit was uplifted. He had not expected that among the ice sculptures sealed in the Moon Rebel Hall, there would be such an existence.

At that moment, roaring sounds rang out again as figures walked out one after another from the haze. Every one of them seemed to shoulder the passage of time and had an imposing aura. Although their auras weren't as strong as Li Xiaoshan's, they were still terrifying.































































This was the harvest of an era gathered by the Moon Rebel Hall in the Moon Worship Region.

It looked like they were sealed but it was also a form of protection.

They were all nonhumans. The moment they walked out, they had already understood the reason. When they saw Li Xiaoshan, they restrained themselves.

Even so, the appearance of these figures gave the Red Moon cultivators immense pressure.

The sea of blood also surged as these auras spread out, and the sky appeared fragmented as if covered in fish scales.

In the haze, only an ice sculpture was left.

This ice sculpture was the slowest to shatter. It was only at this moment that it finally completely cracked. As the sealed figure walked out, a dense aura of time spread out, as if an ancient wind had come into being, causing the heavens and earth to resound with a deafening roar.

For the second time, the expression of the Red Moon high priest changed. He looked even more solemn than when he saw Li Xiaoshan, as he stared fixedly at the figure that was gradually appearing before the world.

It was a woman from a nonhuman race.

There was a third eye on her forehead. This eye was crimson, as if it contained flames. As she walked out, the flames erupted, forming a sea of fire that rose into the air. In midair, a gigantic face took shape, and there seemed to be a world forming inside.

As for her, she was like the lord of the fire in this sea of fire, emitting energy fluctuations infinitely close to the Soul Accumulation realm. It was as though she could instantly form her own great world and step into the Soul Accumulation realm if she wanted to.

After she walked out, she stood there. Her eyes were clearly open, but her gaze was vacant.



Her appearance caused everyone's hearts to tremble. However, not many knew her. Even the old men from the Moon Rebel Hall had no impression of her.

It was as though her tracks had never appeared in this era.

The ancient feeling coming from her body was extremely intense. It was as though one could feel the passage of time with just a glance.

Even those unsealed ice sculptures were unfamiliar with this woman and didn't know her identity. Only Li Xiaoshan looked at the nonhuman woman who walked out and lowered his head, greeting softly.

"Greetings, former Lord of Moon Rebel."

As soon as he spoke, everyone's hearts stirred. Only Xu Qing and the captain were calm. This was because they had already learned of this woman's identity the moment they became the masters of the Moon Rebel.

The Moon Rebel Lords who appeared in this era were Xu Qing and the captain.

However, the Moon Rebel Hall did not only produce two lords. While not present in every era, there had been several throughout history.

But their rebellions all ended in failure.

This last ice sculpture sealed the previous Moon Rebel Lord. However, it wasn't her true body but a clone.

She chose to go into self-isolation, using a special method in conjunction with the Moon Rebel Hall to avoid being devoured by Crimson Goddess, and left behind such a clone.

This was a gift she had left for the next Lord of Moon Rebel.

"The previous Lord of the Moon Rebel Hall, Divine Sparrow!"

The high priest's expression was extremely solemn. As he spoke each word, a hint of ripples appeared in the woman's eyes. The emptiness vanished, replaced by a gathering indifference that transformed into a gaze, focusing on the high priest.

"A patched-together body, a stitched-together world, wielding a pair of eyes that don't belong to this era in exchange for the might of Soul Accumulation. But do you still remember who you are?"

The woman calmly spoke. Her words stunned the high priest and he instinctively spoke.

"I'm the high priest of the Red Moon!"

"In my era, the Red Moon didn't have a high priest."

The woman shook her head and sighed softly. She then looked at Erniu, who was beside Xu Qing.

"Those are your eyes."

Erniu's expression changed and instantly turned solemn. He regarded at the woman in front of him, but didn't speak.

The woman's gaze shifted and landed on Xu Qing. Her eyes slowly emitted a dark light and a cold aura spread out from her body. There was clearly a sea of fire lingering around but at this moment, the color of the fire shifted to black.

"You're very strange…"

 The woman cast a deep glance at Xu Qing but didn't say anything. Instead, she turned her head and looked at the outside world.

"Is the decisive battle of this era about to begin? It's much more interesting than my era."

"I'm just a clone and don't have the might of my main body back then. I won't be of much help but I'll do my best."

"Gods aren't eternal; hope is what lasts forever."

The woman mumbled and took a step forward, directly crossing the Moon Rebel Hall and appearing above the sea of blood outside. She raised her hand and waved it; immediately, endless flames erupted from her body and headed straight for the sea of blood below.

In an instant, the entire sea of blood burned.

Flames extended and enveloped the world. The sea of blood surged violently and the sky rumbled.

The high priest's expression changed. He lifted his right hand and pressed down fiercely. A great world manifested behind him and was about to suppress the flames.

However, at this moment, Li Xiaoshan paced out. He dragged the damaged long blade in his hand and took nine steps in a row, stepping into the void step by step. He shuttled through reality and void, with no one able to obstruct him.

On his ninth step, he arrived in front of the high priest and slashed down!

The world lost color, both the high priest and Li Xiaoshan were forced back from the collision.

As Li Xioshan tread back, he spat out a mouthful of blood and his aura weakened. However, he returned to normal in the next instant. When he lifted his head, his gaze was cool as he continued to drag the long blade over.

The high priest's expression changed. With this delay, the burning sea of blood rapidly decreased and finally disappeared. The entire sea of blood… was ignited dry by the flames, but the flames didn't extinguish. They headed straight for the high priest.

At the same time, in the Moon Rebel Hall, Xu Qing's gaze turned cold. He controlled the mirror formed by the Moon Rebel Hall and it shone with a resplendent light, enveloping the surroundings and augmenting the cultivators of the Moon Rebel Hall.

The nonhuman cultivators who had been unsealed rushed out one after another. Their cultivation erupted and they started massacring the Red Moon cultivators.































































The battlefield turned chaotic.

All of these unsealed nonhuman cultivators displayed astonishing prowess. Wherever the blue-haired nonhuman passed, a trail of water stains remained behind.

Each water stain entombed a cultivator of the Red Moon, but within the reflections, the buried Red Moon cultivators could be seen wailing in pain.

There was also the burly man from the Heavenly Ghost Race. His entire body rumbled with lightning and an area of lightning formed in the surroundings. As each descending lightning bolt, numerous arcs of lightning scattered, and each lightning arc transformed into a grim ghostly figure, controlled by him.

The more he killed, the more ferocious ghostly figures there were in his surroundings.

Among these unsealed cultivators, there was one whose methods were even stranger. He didn't resist any of the Red Moon cultivators' spells and attacks at all, allowing the enemy to kill him.

However, every time he died, the cultivators who attacked him would instantly die.

That nonhuman would manifest on those corpses, continuing to move forward and get killed.

The figures of the Moon Rebel Hall were equally astonishing. Their combat strength was extraordinary due to the augmentation and they weren't afraid of death. Every time they died, another statue would appear in the temple of the Moon Rebel Hall, walking out and joining the battlefield.

This was the might of the Moon Rebel Hall, a regional treasure!

The situation was reversed instantly.

Although the Red Moon cultivators weren't weak, those present here weren't enough for victory.

This was natural. After all… what they were facing now was the strongest group of people the Moon Rebel Hall had gathered over an era.



At that moment, in the center of the Moon Worship Region, there was a lake with an island in the center.

On the island, there was a huge statue in a kneeling posture. It looked so huge that it seemed like it was supporting the sky. There were many buildings around its feet. Compared to it, these buildings were like ants.

This statue was of Ruler Li Zihua!

There was a palace on his head that suppressed him at all times.

This palace was the Red Moon Divine Son's palace, and this was the headquarters of the Red Moon Shrine.

At that moment, in the Divine Son's palace, there was a person sitting upright on a huge chair.

This person had an indifferent expression and looked like a youth. His appearance was very similar to the statue outside.

His aura was sometimes strong and sometimes weak, indicating that he was injured. Moreover, from the traces of his injuries, they were formed by the attacks of the heir and Princess Mingmei.

His identity was obvious.

In front of him, an illusory scene flickered which showed the battlefield of the Bitter Life Mountain Range.

After watching for a long time, the adolescent impassively stood up and walked deeper into the palace. Step by step, he seemed to have walked through the void and into another world.

In that world, the sky was dim and there was a blood-colored lake on the ground.

The lake was eerily silent, and twelve corpses sat cross-legged on the lake's surface, each one alike to the young man.

Upon closer inspection, one could see that these corpses actually didn't have flesh and blood. Only a layer of skin was left.

They encircled the lake, forming a circle, resembling an creepy ritual.

However, there was an empty space within the circle.

It remained vacant until the young man walked onto the lake, arrived at the vacant spot, sat down cross-legged, and became the thirteenth corpse.

The ring was now complete.

A golden eye appeared in the sky, emitting a golden light that illuminated the lake. It also revealed the reflection of the 13 corpses on the surface of the lake.

The reflections were bizarre, not corresponding to their physical bodies. Among the thirteen reflections, there were eight males and five females, and their appearances matched the children of the ruler.

Among them were the Crown Prince, Princess Mingmei, and others, but all in their youthful days, as if these were the reflections of their past appearances.

All the brothers and sisters were here, except for the fourth son.

Vaguely, a strange voice echoed in this world.

 "Once upon a time, there was a big doll, followed by a row of little dolls. Ten dolls, six, seven, eight, with red eyes and gray hair. Silent all day long, the older children saw and shouted, 'Kids, don't fear…"

"Until one day suddenly, the big doll got sick, the second doll looked, the third doll bought medicine, the fifth doll boiled, the sixth doll died, the seventh doll laughed, the eighth doll dug a hole, the ninth doll jumped, the tenth doll's tears fell on the ground. I went to ask him why he was crying…"

"The fourth doll is lost and won't come back!"

The surface of the lake gradually churned, as though something was slowly rising from the bottom of the lake.

A terrifying aura descended.































































It was a tragic scene in the Bitter Life Mountain Range. Death was descending at every moment. The sea of blood on the ground dried up, forming a huge deep pit.

Heavenly fire enveloped it and spread out in the air.

The statues from the Moon Rebel Hall displayed astonishing combat prowess under the enhancement of the regional treasure.

When they died, at the next instant, as the Moon Rebel Hall trembled, the dead Moon Rebel Cultivators walked out of the temple in the mirror and rushed into the battlefield to continue fighting.

This way, even if the Red Moon cultivator used the curse, with the existence of the Moon Rebel Hall, they could suppress it for a short period of time, causing this war to rapidly tilt in the Moon Rebel Hall's favor.

The 20-odd ancient cultivators who had been unsealed were all heaven's chosens of this era. Their methods were unique and they had a lot of experience in battles.

They possessed the might to suppress those of the same realm. Wherever they passed, the Red Moon experts had no choice but to retreat.

The pressure on the high priest's side was also huge. He had to face the two strongest unsealed cultivators from the Moon Rebel Hall, especially Divine Sparrow. The flames sublimated in her hands, displaying various colors.

Every time it changed, its might would increase slightly. Her attacks seemed to set the heavens and earth ablaze, carrying the might of Soul Accumulation, causing even the high priest to feel a sense of awe.

However, if it was just her, the high priest could manage, but Li Xiaoshan's existence gave him an equally powerful sense of oppression.

Li Xiaoshan's blade didn't fall constantly; he maneuvered around the high priest, dragging his blade and spinning it continuously. Amidst the clattering sound, his speed was astonishing.

With each swing of the blade, the void shattered, forming a terrifying blade aura. This made the situation increasingly grave for the high priest as the battle unfolded.



"This battle isn't suitable to continue!"

The high priest squinted, raising his right hand and pointing to the side. An illusory shadow of a world formed in front of his finger, blocking the incoming long blade.

Amidst the rumbling, the high priest's left hand grabbed at the sky. The Crimson Goddess' mortal skin appeared again.

Its reappearance caused the world to distort, sending shockwaves across the battlefield. At the same time, Xu Qing's gaze froze. What he had been guarding against in the Moon Rebel Hall was the Crimson Goddess's mortal skin.

Seeing that the Crimson Goddess' mortal skin had landed again, Xu Qing immediately spread out his authority. The captain did the same. The two of them relied on their status as the Lords of the Moon Rebel Hall to control the Moon Rebel Hall, causing the huge mirror to shine with radiant light.

This light spread in all directions, resisting the Crimson Goddess' mortal skin power.

The two sides clashed again, stirring up a storm that swept through the sky. The cultivators fighting on both sides were forced to separate under this violent force.

Killing intent flashed in Xu Qing's eyes. Just as he was about to control the Moon Rebel Hall to display the might of the regional treasure again when, at that moment, a different kind of wind fell from the sky.

This breeze carried the smell of blood and instantly filled the battlefield. Along with the wind, there was also a strange and eerie voice that seemed to be whispering in everyone's ears.

"Once upon a time, there was a big doll…"

This voice was none other than the strange nursery rhyme that kept on echoing in the Divine Son's palace. This wasn't the first time Xu Qing had heard it. Previously, when the heir and others saved Grandma Five, he had heard it in that village.

What left the deepest impression on him was the last sentence.

"The fourth doll is lost and won't come back!"

These words rang out from all directions. At this moment, the sky reversed and turned red again. Gradually, a blood lake appeared in the sky like a projection.

The blood lake churned as though there was a terrifying existence inside that wanted to crawl out.

A terrifying aura landed on the battlefield at this instant.

The expressions of Xu Qing and the captain changed at the same time. It was even more so for the cultivators of the Moon Rebel Hall. Every one of them felt endless waves in their hearts. Even those specialists who had been unsealed were the same.

The blade in Li Xiaoshan's hand paused slightly.

Divine Sparrow's fire swayed gently.

Their expressions were unprecedentedly serious as they stared fixedly at the blood lake in the sky.

Compared to them, the Red Moon cultivators heaved a sigh of relief. Only the high priest frowned and looked at the blood lake. It was unknown what he was thinking.

However, at this moment, a voice suppressed the nursery rhyme and exploded like muffled thunder.

It was the sound of a heartbeat.

Thump, thump, thump!

 The appearance of this voice immediately caused many Moon Rebel cultivators to let out blood-curdling cries. The statues collapsed uncontrollably, as though this sound could destroy everything.

Immediately after, as the blood lake in the sky surged, a large black hand covered in tentacles slowly stretched out. Accompanied by an earth-shattering pressure, it caused the world to tremble.

This hand had seven fingers and was filled with bone spikes. Those tentacles swayed even more and wherever they passed, the space would collapse. At this moment, it seemed to be slowly falling but in reality, it was constantly growing larger.

It couldn't be resisted or obstructed.

The appearance of this large hand caused the anomalous substances in this place to rise. Everyone had no choice but to retreat.

Finally, the black hand grabbed the space where the Red Moon cultivators were in.

This space included the high priest and the Crimson Goddess's mortal skin. They were all covered by the black hand.

After that, it slowly rose and brought everyone into the blood lake in the sky.

Its arrival couldn't be stopped and its departure couldn't be stopped.

Everyone, including Xu Qing and the captain, could only watch helplessly as the large hand disappeared into the blood lake. This lasted until a pair of golden eyes appeared in the blood lake. Through the lake water, the eyes coldly looked at the ground and then at the distant sky.

After that, the golden eyes closed and the image of the blood lake in the sky disappeared.

The combat was over.

When the sky regained its previous color, the pressure and restrictions from the god's hand disappeared. However, the waves in everyone's hearts didn't stop. On the contrary, it was because of that pair of golden eyes that everyone instinctively felt oppressed.































































"Who was that…"

The cultivators of the Moon Rebel Hall fell silent but this question instinctively surfaced in their minds.

They all had the answer, but they couldn't believe it.

"Divine Son…" Li Xiaoshan said hoarsely.

"The Divine Son I saw in my era wasn't that terrifying." Divine Sparrow frowned and slowly spoke.

"The feeling he gives me is infinitely close to that of a god."

The surroundings were silent.

This was clearly a victory but the appearance of the blood lake and the Divine Son's hand caused all the living beings here to feel an unprecedented sense of powerlessness. All of them instinctively looked at Xu Qing and Erniu.

However, soon after, disappointment and helplessness appeared in these gazes.

Although the Lords of the Moon Rebel Hall had appeared, these lords… were too weak.

One was a Spirit Repository and the other was a Nascent Soul.

With such a cultivation, how could they become the masters of the Moon Rebel Hall? How could they lead the Moon Rebel Hall cultivators on this heaven-defying path…

Needless to say, the Red Moon Star in the distance had already occupied most of the sky. In a month or two at most, the Crimson Goddess would truly descend.



At that time, when faced with the devouring of the Crimson Goddess, all living beings would only feel bitterness without any hope.

Even though these two Lords of the Moon Rebel had authority, their cultivation levels couldn't convince the masses to genuinely follow them. Gradually, the gazes of the Moon Rebel cultivators shifted away from Xu Qing.

Some looked towards the fourth hall master, some towards the third hall master, some towards Li Xiaoshan, and some gathered around Divine Sparrow.

Among these gazes were the gazes of those heaven's chosens who were unsealed.

Although they were unsealed, they were just as complex in their feelings towards the Moon Rebel Lords and were not entirely convinced. Ultimately, they believed that Xu Qing and the captain lacked the qualifications.

"Thank you, Moon Lord, for allowing me and my subordinates to enter the Moon Rebel Hall at the critical moment. But please dispel the blessing. I intend to return to the northern plains and spend the rest of my remaining time with the people there."

The third hall master looked at Xu Qing and calmly spoke.

Xu Qing remained silent. The fourth hall master frowned and took a few steps forward, speaking in a deep voice.

"Third, Moon Rebel has a master now, this is the time for us to rise. You…"

"Fourth, is there any hope?" The third hall master sighed softly. His face was filled with fatigue as he interrupted the fourth hall master's words.

"With the Moon Lords' cultivation and experience, we can't resist the Red Moon. In fact, I don't even know the origins of this Moon Lord. Perhaps he's not a cultivator of this region."

As soon as he said this, many Moon Rebel cultivators were surprised. The third hall master looked at Xu Qing.

"Moon Lord, please dispel the blessing. If you're unwilling, then seal me."

His words made his attitude clear. He wouldn't resist Xu Qing but he wouldn't follow either.

After the third hall master finished speaking, the tens of thousands of Moon Rebel Hall cultivators behind him lowered their heads. They were the third hall master's subordinates and had followed him all the way. Naturally, they chose the same path as him.

"Me too."

"Moon Lord, since it has come to this point, the resistance no longer makes sense."

Seven to eight of the unsealed cultivators spoke lightly.

Li Xiaoshan wanted to say something. However, he glanced at Xu Qing and Erniu and finally sighed.

Their cultivation levels were too low.

Divine Sparrow was expressionless and didn't speak.

The fourth hall master's breathing was hurried. He looked at Xu Qing and suddenly walked over, standing firmly beside Xu Qing.

 Most of the Moon Rebel cultivators didn't move and wanted to observe more before deciding.

Seeing this, the captain raised his brows and was about to speak when Xu Qing took a step forward and looked at the third hall master.

"My cultivation is indeed insufficient and I'm not a cultivator of this region."

As soon as Xu Qing finished speaking, an uproar broke out among the surrounding Moon Rebel cultivators. Towards outsiders becoming the master of Moon Rebel, this in itself was something these Moon Rebel cultivators couldn't accept.

"As expected, you're not from this region." The third hall master looked at Xu Qing and spoke in a deep voice.

"Whether he's a cultivator from our region or not isn't important. He turned the tide at the critical moment, so he is the Moon Lord!" The fourth hall master's expression was solemn and his voice was firm.

The third hall master shook his head.

"I won't argue about this. While it was indeed because of the Moon Lord's help, his qualifications and reputation are insufficient. I am not convinced, my subordinates aren't convinced, and many fellow Daoists of the Moon Rebel Hall aren't convinced either."

"My heart won't allow me to continue like this."

The third hall master shook his head and turned to walk toward the Moon Rebel Hall. He wanted to return.

His subordinates followed. Many of the surrounding Moon Rebel Hall cultivators sighed and silently walked toward the Moon Rebel Hall.

In these final two months, rather than following a hopeless Spirit Repository, it was better to spend the last days of their lives in a quiet place, reflecting on their past.

As for wanting to be sealed within the Moon Rebel Hall to avoid the possible catastrophe, they weren't foolish. They knew it wasn't realistic. Otherwise, why, in this era, was there only one Divine Sparrow clone remaining?

Clearly, this was a qualification that only the Moon Lords possessed.

The atmosphere was oppressive. People walked toward the Moon Rebel Hall one after another.

Among them were some followers of Master Pill Nine. The statue of the neighboring burly man was also among them. They didn't see Master's statue and were grief-stricken. They understood that Master had died, so they didn't have the mind to continue this resistance.

The instant these people started walking toward the Moon Rebel Hall, Xu Qing's voice calmly echoed.

"You say my cultivation is insufficient, I can accept that. But when you say my qualifications are lacking, and my reputation is insufficient… I have a question."

"I unsealed the ruler's heir in the Heavenly Fire Sea and revived Princess Mingmei in the northern icy plains, is that not enough?"

"If not, I helped the heir and Princes Mingmei to unseal the fifth princess at the Black Centipede Mountain and the eighth prince at the Door Race's territory, are these not enough?"

As soon as Xu Qing finished speaking, the hearts of all the cultivators walking toward the Moon Rebel Hall trembled. Their expressions changed rapidly and they turned their heads in unison to look at Xu Qing. At this moment, endless thunder seemed to be rumbling in their minds.

The third hall master also stopped in his tracks and his eyes gleamed as he gazed at Xu Qing.

"I have my own guesses about you appearing in the Bitter Life Mountain Range. Saving the ruler's children is a huge contribution but Moon Lord, your appeal is still insufficient."

Xu Qing was expressionless. He lifted his right hand and waved it. All the disguises on his body dissipated, revealing his true appearance as he calmly spoke.

"Several months ago, in the land of the God Slaying Platform, I agitated the spirit of resistance and called on all living beings not to give up hope, igniting the spark that spread like wildfire, is that not enough?"

After he finished speaking, the sky fluctuated. As light flashed, a vast God Slaying Platform rumbled out and stood behind Xu Qing. Its majestic aura shook the surroundings.

The third hall master's eyes narrowed. The expressions of all the Moon Rebel cultivators here were changing. All of them looked at Xu Qing's face and the God Slaying Platform. The scenes that appeared in their minds several months ago were recalled again.

Exactly the same!

"It's him!!"

"The one who called us was actually the Moon Lord!"

"This… The scene back then allowed us to rise from despair!"

An uproar erupted uncontrollably under the waves of emotions in everyone's hearts.

The captain's words resounded at this moment.

"Interesting, saying that we aren't qualified and our esteem isn't high enough?"

"Based on the fact that I once bit the Crimson Goddess in this region in my previous life, is it not enough?"

"Based on the fact that I was once a Grand Ritual Dancer and betrayed the Red Moon, is that not enough?"

"The Crimson Moon Shrine dismembered my body and are using my organs to support their temples, is that not enough?"

The captain's words, as well as the waves caused by Xu Qing, were like countless thunderbolts that rumbled and echoed in this world.

It shook the souls of all the living beings here, causing the expressions of all the Moon Rebel cultivators to change drastically and their breathing to become hurried.

The third hall master's mind also fluctuated intensely. Li Xiaoshan, Divine Sparrow, and the others who were unsealed were also shocked.

Finally, Xu Qing lifted his head. His gaze swept past the adjacent Moon Rebel Hall cultivators as he spoke softly.

"I snatched a wisp of the Crimson Goddess' Red Moon's origin and turned it into my own strength, is that not enough?"

"Based on the fact that I've refined countless pills for the Moon Rebel cultivators and removed your pain from the curses, is that not enough?"

"Also, you uttered that my esteem isn't high enough… Then, with the fact that I'm Pill Nine, is this status enough?"































































Regardless of whether it was the captain's proud voice or Xu Qing's words, they were at an elevated level, floating in the sky and not resonating with the ground.

Whether it was biting the Crimson Goddess, plundering the Red Moon's origin, or even rescuing the children of the ruler, all of these, for the ordinary cultivators of the Moon Rebel Hall, were awe-inspiring for sure, but not intimately related to their own existence.

Regardless of what the other party did, it was the business of the big shots. While it was inspiring and exciting, this feeling ultimately lacked the direct impact on their minds.

This was a characteristic of human nature. People tended to only care about their own safety and the things that were closest to them.

Just like back then, the people of Fenghai County didn't care much about who was the county governor. What they cared about was their poisoning. Back then, Xu Qing had used this point to gather the fortune of the people in Fenghai County's capital.

The situation was the same now.

Hence, when Xu Qing revealed his Pill Nine identity, it was a much bigger shocking revelation.

The commotion surpassed everything before it. Almost all the Moon Rebel cultivators were shaken and waves of emotions surged in their hearts as they looked at Xu Qing in disbelief.

The name Pill Nine was too significant to the Moon Rebel cultivators.

His appearance a year ago allowed the Moon Rebel cultivators to see hope.

He had single-handedly changed the structure of the curse-resolving pills, causing the curse-resolving pill, which was originally ridiculously expensive to the point where it was difficult to obtain a single pill, to become a pill that everyone could afford. The price had fallen by dozens or hundreds of times.

This act was filled with endless merit and caused a huge commotion, allowing a large number of cultivators who were under the curse to relieve the pain that was tormenting their bodies and minds. They were sincerely thankful to Pill Nine.

Everyone in the Moon Rebel Hall, from the deputy hall masters to the ordinary cultivators, respected Pill Nine.



Even the third hall master, who had questioned Xu Qing, had looked for Master Pill Nine many times. He had even left messages in Pill Nine's temple, begging Pill Nine to join his side many times.

There was even less of a need to talk about the others. Almost 60% of the Moon Rebel Hall cultivators who had survived had taken Pill Nine's pills.

The curse subduing pills created by Master Pill Nine had shaken the entire Moon Rebel Hall back then like lightning. It was a medicinal pill that could truly reduce the curse.

As soon as this pill had appeared, it instantly pushed Pill Nine's reputation to the extreme. As for the saying that Master Pill Nine was virtuous and kind, not only did it spread in the Moon Rebel Hall, but even the cultivators in the outside world knew and heard about it.

Even the Red Moon Shrine attached great importance to him.

Hence, as Xu Qing's words echoed, cries of surprise and exclamations echoed in the area.

"Master Pill Nine!"

"Moon Lord… is actually Master Pill Nine!"

"This matter is too big. Is this true?! If it's true, then we do have hope!"

"If Moon Lord is Master Pill Nine, I'll fully support the Moon Lord. My life was saved by Master Pill Nine's medicinal pills!"

"I support him too!"

At this moment, the hearts of all the cultivators in the surroundings rumbled and they instinctively moved closer to Xu Qing. The heart of the fourth hall master also fluctuated. He looked at Xu Qing and was extremely shaken.

The third hall master was completely stunned. To him, this news was extremely impactful

His subordinates also wavered and stopped walking toward the Moon Rebel Hall.

There were also some people in the crowd whose excitement surpassed that of the others. At that moment, their bodies were even trembling. The gazes they used to look at Xu Qing revealed intense light.

Among them, the most excited was none other than Xu Qing's neighbor. This burly statue was actually Pill Nine's first follower, and she looked at Xu Qing in disbelief.

She remembered that not long ago, the other party had asked her a question. If she saw Pill Nine, would she recognize him?

She still remembered her answer. From what she could see now, although Xu Qing hadn't taken out any evidence, she instinctively felt that the other party… was really Master Pill Nine she followed.

"My judgment isn't wrong. There's a white wind in the desert, so Master must be here!"

"The reason why we didn't find him previously and the reason why the statue of Master didn't appear was because… Master has another identity!"

The crowd was shocked, and exclamations and murmurs echoed, but inevitably, there were still some hesitations and doubts. After all, anyone could speak words, and the truth was the most important.

Xu Qing naturally knew this. Hence, with a wave of his right hand, a piece of flesh flew out. Accompanied by a large number of medicinal herbs, Xu Qing performed alchemy on the spot in front of everyone.

 As he waved his hands, the curse subduing pill rapidly took shape in front of him.

Xu Qing had refined this pill too many times and was already familiar with the process. Soon, nine medicinal pills were formed. Under Xu Qing's Poison Restriction Eye, the structure inside instantly changed.

This was no longer a medicinal pill that reduced the curse by 50%. As Xu Qing's cultivation level increased and the secret repository was formed, Xu Qing had new ideas about reducing the curse further. What he refined now were pills that reduced the curse by 70%.

As soon as the nine pills appeared, the sky changed color and the wind blew.

Xu Qing took a step forward. He changed into the statue of Pill Nine. With a flick of his sleeve, nine medicinal pills instantly flew out. One flew toward Li Xiaoshan and the other flew toward Divine Sparrow.

The third one flew toward the third hall master, the fourth one to the fourth hall master, and two more landed in the crowd. The rest… flew toward his followers.

The burly neighbor also obtained one.

With just the appearance of the pills and their auras, the surroundings were affected, causing the curses in the bodies of the Moon Rebel cultivators in this area to lose a certain degree of activity.

In fact, they didn't even need to take the pill to verify its authenticity. The loss of the curse's activity caused all the Moon Rebel cultivators here to breathe unprecedentedly rapidly.

As for everyone who had obtained the medicinal pills, their expressions were even more solemn. They didn't hesitate and immediately ate them. After that, their auras instantly soared as the curse power visibly decreased!

The third hall master fell silent. Divine Sparrow's eyes revealed a strange glint. The most astonished person was Li Xiaoshan. As his curse decreased, the aura of the Soul Accumulation rose from his body.

This scene caused Li Xiaoshan's expression to change. Back then, the main reason why he failed to step into the Soul Accumulation realm was the curse in his body. At this moment, he clearly felt that… he still seemed to have a chance to break through again.

"The curse is reduced by 70%…"

His hoarse voice echoed, completely igniting the hearts of the people here. Xu Qing's neighbor, the burly dude, was the first to rush out. She bowed to Xu Qing and greeted loudly.

"Greetings, Master!"

After her, the other followers also greeted excitedly. It was the same for all the surrounding Moon Rebel Hall cultivators. In an instant, the voices of tens of thousands of people transformed into waves that echoed through the sky.

"Greetings, Master!"

Li Xiaoshan took a deep breath and stared at Xu Qing. He then lowered his head and bowed.

Divine Sparrow nodded slightly in approval.

Some of the people in the crowd who greeted Xu Qing were the subordinates of the third hall master. As for the third hall master himself, there were endless waves in his heart. He stared at Xu Qing in a daze and wanted to say something, but he couldn't say a word.

The other party had enough qualifications.

And his reputation had already reached the peak.

The third hall master fell silent for a few breaths. He took a few steps forward and spoke in a low voice.

"Moon Lord, you said before that you plundered the Red Moon's origin…"

Xu Qing nodded. With a wave of his hand, the secret repository behind him appeared. The Purple Moon inside shone and the blood formed by the Red Moon's authority erupted around Xu Qing.

The captain sneered and spoke proudly.

"Do you see it? This is the reason why my junior brother is able to refine pills that can truly reduce the curse. He plundered the divine source, so he can neutralize the curse of the Crimson Goddess!"

The third hall master stared at the Purple Moon in the secret repository and an intense glint appeared in his eyes. His emotions fluctuated but he suppressed it and spoke again.

"The Red Moon Star is about to arrive. How are we going to face it? We don't even need to think about Crimson Goddess, just the Red Moon Shrine is already beyond us. That Divine Son is already close to a god…"

Xu Qing didn't speak. The captain sneered and a cold glint appeared in his eyes.

"What if the Red Moon Shrine no longer exists!"

As he spoke, the captain lifted his hand and a strand of white hair appeared in his hand. As soon as this strand of hair appeared, a god's aura erupted from it.

"We also have a god. This is a token. I can open the door at any time and ask the god to take action!"

The cultivators of the Moon Rebel Hall instantly fell silent. Li Xiaoshan and Divine Sparrow's pupils also contracted.

The third hall master's breathing was hurried and the fluctuations in his heart became even more intense. He forcefully endured it and questioned again.

"How are we going to fight when the Crimson Goddess arrives?"

The captain raised his brows and was about to answer when Xu Qing sighed softly and spoke in a deep voice.

"What was your initial purpose in joining the Moon Rebel Hall? Wasn't it to resist and give it your all? Now that there's an opportunity, even as an outsider, I'm willing to risk my life for it. Why are you still so hesitant?"

"If your hearts aren't firm, you can leave."

Xu Qing's words directly struck the minds of those who were hesitating. The third hall master clenched his fists and determination emerged in his eyes. He bowed to Xu Qing and was about to speak.

However, at this moment, the sky rumbled and a thunderous sound exploded.

"The moment the Crimson Goddess descends, my father will rise!"

As the voice rang out, a huge face suddenly appeared in the sky.

The face belonged to a young man with an extraordinary temperament, and his long hair flowed like snakes, continuously spreading. It was the true appearance of the crown prince.

Beside him was Princess Mingmei clad in battle armor, standing there with the river of time flowing beneath her feet, emitting an awe-inspiring aura.

At the side was the fifth princess, though she emerged elderly, the energy fluctuations from her body were extremely mysterious.

As for Old Eighth, his violent power spread out, affecting all living beings.

Finally, there was one more.

There was also a young man in a black robe, resembling the crown prince. He stood between heaven and earth, his eyes seemed to contain the destruction of the sun and moon, and an unparalleled baleful aura emanated from his entire body.

The strength of this baleful aura, even standing alone, seemed to surpass all the brothers and sisters.

His appearance caused even the crimson sky to dim a little.

He was Old Ninth!

The arrival and words of these children of the ruler immediately caused the cultivators of the Moon Rebel Hall below to tremble. They lowered their heads in unison. Li Xiaoshan and Divine Sparrow's hearts shook as they lowered their heads.

Only Xu Qing stepped forward and bowed.

"Greetings, First Grandpa, Third Grandma, Fifth Grandma, Eighth Grandpa, Ninth Grandpa."

Princess Mingmei nodded, Grandma Five smiled, and Old Eighth laughed loudly. Old Ninth's gaze landed on Xu Qing.

As for the heir, his gaze was filled with admiration. After that, he stared at the cultivators below and voiced solemnly.

"Your ancestors were all my father's people. They fought alongside my father until the calamity descended. For countless years and eras, you guys… have suffered."

"This time around, Xu Qing's appearance gave us hope."

"Let us end this fate and this painful cycle. We are all together."

As the crown prince's voice echoed, the hearts of the cultivators from the Moon Rebel Hall were filled with excitement. After experiencing the series of events here, determination emerged in their eyes.

"Xu Qing, tell us about your senior brother and your master's plan!"

The heir stared at Xu Qing.

Xu Qing nodded and stared at the captain. The two of them looked at each other and saw the determination and madness in each other's eyes.

"Destroy the shrine, revive the ruler, confront the adversaries fearlessly, and devour the Crimson Goddess!"

"Now, let's complete the first step and destroy the shrine!"

As the words were uttered, the sky roared, and a murderous intent emanated.

Mountains and rivers echoed, and the earth emitted a killing intent, with all kinds of experts rising from everywhere.

The Moon Rebel cultivators, with violent killing intent, unleashed their fury, prompting the heavens and earth to reverberate in response.

At that moment, the killing intent of the sky, the earth, and all living beings gathered and rose from all directions, locking onto… the Repentance Plain!

It locked onto the shrine's headquarters!































































The momentum gathered before the war needed to be used in one go; otherwise, it would inevitably decline and exhaust. The current Moon Rebel cultivators were in such a situation.

With the heir's words, with Xu Qing's voice, with the captain's excitement, tens of thousands of Moon Rebel cultivators in the Moon Rebel Hall exuded a powerful momentum, their eyes revealing determination and a readiness to fight to the death.

"Kill!"

It was unknown who let out the shout, but soon, everyone instinctively opened their mouths and let out a shout that came from their souls, as though they wanted to vent the pain and unwillingness of their lives with this word.

At this moment, reason was no longer important. Strategy was insignificant in the face of this momentum.

Everyone turned into an ordinary man, and when an ordinary man was enraged, blood would splatter everywhere!

The reality was already in front of them. Crimson Goddess was about to arrive and it was already a situation of certain death. Now, there was hope, and it was the greatest hope in the countless years.

Even the most timid person would have the courage to rebel.

Moreover, how could those who could enter the Moon Rebel Hall not have courage? After all, the test of the Moon Rebel Hall had already eliminated too many people who didn't meet the requirements.

The color of the world in the Bitter Life Mountain Range changed. The shouts of the Moon Rebel cultivator devoured mountains and rivers, shaking the sky.

Seeing this, Xu Qing took a deep breath and stepped into the Moon Rebel Hall. The captain also entered at the same time. The instant the two of them entered, the Moon Rebel Mirror, which had transformed into the sky, shimmered with brilliance.

A teleportation fluctuation erupted from within.



This was another ability of the Moon Rebel Hall that only the Lord of Moon Rebel could use—an extensive, large-scale teleportation within the entire Moon Worship Region.

At that moment, the teleportation rumbled and the captain's voice echoed from the Moon Rebel Hall.

"All statues, return to your positions!"

As his voice rang out, the statues of the Moon Rebel cultivators in the outside world headed straight for the Moon Rebel Hall with killing intent and determination. Among them were Li Xiaoshan, Divine Sparrow, and the unsealed cultivators.

As for the heir and the others, they didn't need to step into the Moon Rebel Hall. To them, they could head anywhere in this large region with a thought.

The ordinary cultivators of the Bitter Life Mountain Range weren't asked to participate in this war. Hence, under the gazes of Ning Yan, Ling'er, and the others, the sky fluctuated and the Moon Rebel Mirror instantly disappeared.

It headed to the Repentance Plain where the Red Moon's headquarters was located.

Speed was the most important thing in war!

…

At the center of the Moon Worship Region, Repentance Plain.

The plains stretched far and wide. As one looked around, there were no mountain ranges in sight. The land was covered with red grass, and when the wind blew, the grassland rippled like a red sea.

At the center of this plain, there was a huge lake.

The lake water was like blood, emitting a dense smell of blood. It looked like it was the same as the water in the Sacrificial Yin River. In the center of the lake was an island.

An indomitable giant was forcefully suppressed and made to kneel there. Although it was kneeling, its tall body and dense aura still formed a terrifying pressure.

A large number of temples were built around the giant's feet.

However, everything was enveloped by a red light and couldn't be seen clearly.

This light came from the sky and the Red Moon Star. From afar, everything on the island was blurry under the envelopment of the red light.

Moreover, it was very different in color from the outside world.

The red color in the other areas was light red. Only this place was specially taken care of and was dark red.

The sky and earth here were red and endless red light gathered on the island, shrouding it in a blood curtain. The aura of Crimson Goddess was exceptionally thick here.

Additionally, unlike in the past, the usual sounds of worship on the island, the continuous chants praising Crimson Goddess, were absent at the moment. The place was silent.

No sound rang out. Only that dense redness replaced everything.

At that moment, the sound of lightning rang out from the sky and broke the silence. As it stirred up endless echoes, the void distorted, as though a colossus wanted to teleport into this dark red color.

 However, as the red light flashed, the teleportation failed.

At the next instant, in the air outside the island, the Moon Rebel Mirror suddenly appeared and floated in the air. After it rapidly expanded, many gazes fell from the mirror with astonishing killing intent, staring at the island that was enveloped by the red color.

The figures of the heir and the others also walked out of the void at this moment. They also looked over and their expressions changed.

"The god's aura…"

Old Ninth's expression was cold. He raised his right hand and the phantom of a longsword formed in his hand.

This sword was pitch-black and emitted an astonishing baleful aura, causing the world to darken.

He expressionlessly slashed at the dark red blood curtain in front of him.

As soon as this sword slash landed, it seemed to carve through the heavens and the earth. The sky quivered, unleashing an endless storm, and the earth roared, suppressing the surrounding blood lake and creating depressions.

Finally, it landed on the dark blood curtain.

A deafening sound rang out from the blood curtain. The blood light fluctuations inside actually thinned for an instant.

The might of the sword caused waves in everyone's hearts.

However, at the next moment, their expressions froze when they saw the scene inside the thinning blood curtain.

In the blood curtain, the statue of the ruler became clearer, revealing its full appearance and the countless Red Moon cultivators around it.

There was no one on the ground. All the cultivators in Red Moon's headquarters were sitting cross-legged in the air, surrounding the ruler's statue as though they were guarding it.

There were so many of them that it was difficult to count them clearly.

Among them, the weakest cultivator was at the Nascent Soul realm and there were many Spirit Repository experts. There were also many Nihility cultivators. Most of them were dressed in the same clothes and wore the blood-red Red Moon robe.

The high priest was also among them. Through the blood curtain, he stared at the cultivators of the Moon Rebel Hall who had arrived.

There were also some affiliated races and sects who were all on guard.

And what they surrounded and protected was none other than the Crimson Goddess' mortal skin!

The Crimson Goddess' mortal skin had long spread out. It was like a huge intestine, enveloping the head of the ruler's statue and the Divine Son's palace.

It was squirming and beating rhythmically like a heart.

Waves of god's aura continued to spread out from the Crimson Goddess' mortal skin. Coupled with its sinister appearance and the blood light that filled the sky, all of this made the scene look extremely bizarre.

"Looks like we came at the right time. Old Fourth is undergoing the god-ascension ritual!"

The heir saw all of this and spoke in a deep voice.

As soon as he spoke, everyone from the Moon Rebel Hall became even more solemn.

At that moment, in the highest hall of the Moon Rebel Hall, the captain's gaze flickered. Xu Qing frowned because the trembling reminder of the Diamond Sect's ancestor was echoing in his mind.

"Master, things aren't looking good. According to what I've read, usually, when the protagonist is on the verge of a breakthrough, an antagonist appears to stop them.""

"It feels like we've taken the path of the antagonist. In the story books I've read, the antagonist never succeeds. It's always the protagonist who breaks through at the most crucial moment, emerges, and goes on a rampage…"

When Xu Qing heard this, he directly ignored it.

At the same time, Old Eighth, who was beside the heir, impatiently spoke.

"Brother, isn't that stating the obvious? Who can't see that? Why bother saying these things? Let's just go and deal with him!"

As he spoke, he rushed out and instantly got close to the blood curtain. He then clenched his right hand.

The Soul Accumulation energy spread out and a world was formed. As he roared, he punched out.

Killing intent flashed in Princess Mingmei's eyes. She took a step forward and the River of Time instantly appeared, transforming into a spear. She held it in her hand and swung it fiercely. This spear shuttled through time and descended from the past and present at the same time.

Grandma Five closed her eyes and halos rose above her head. They expanded in circles, enveloping the area before suddenly shrinking and crushing over.

As for the heir, he glared at Old Eighth. With a wave of his hand, his aura erupted and a nail flew out of his body.

This nail's divine might shook the sky. It was the ruler's nail.

As soon as it appeared, it carried destructive power as it headed straight for the dark red blood curtain. Wherever it passed, the void would explode.

There was also Old Ninth. He walked forward without saying a word. Black longswords that contained killing intent manifested out of thin air outside his body. Every one of them was enveloped by baleful aura and kept gathering. In the blink of an eye, they formed a rain of swords that blotted out the sky and earth as they whistled toward the dark red light.

Seeing this, the high priest in the dark red blood curtain narrowed his eyes and performed a series of hand seals. Immediately, all the Red Moon cultivators in the surroundings erupted with their cultivation levels and fused their energy with the blood curtain, buffing it and resisting the attacks.

Logically speaking, few protective barriers in this world could resist the attacks of five Soul Accumulation cultivators, the ruler's nail, and Old Ninth's swords.

However, the blood red barrier at Red Moon's headquarters was different.

This barrier was a divine array created by the power of Crimson Goddess and contained the blessings of Crimson Goddess. This was one of the foundations of the Red Moon Shrine. It could block Soul Accumulation just by itself, let alone now that the Red Moon Star was in the sky. Everything was enhanced. Coupled with the cultivators augmenting it…

The blood red barrier rippled, blocking Old Eighth's punch, resisting the fifth princess' divine art. Even when Princess Mingmei's spear pierced through, it only went through a mere three inches.

Even the ruler's nail couldn't pierce it.

Only the swords of Old Ninth, after gathering together, finally made a fierce strike. It cut a crack in the light curtain, but in the blink of an eye, under the blessing of Crimson Goddess, the deep red light curtain was instantly restored.

All of this caused the expressions of the heir and the others to turn gloomy. It wasn't that they were weak, but they couldn't break through the god's blessing in an instant.

At that moment, their cultivation bases erupted again. Old Ninth even raised his hand and the murderous aura in his entire body rose intensely at this moment. They were prepared to use their trump cards.

At that moment, the captain's laughter rang out from the Moon Rebel Hall. He also stepped into the sky.

"Grandpas, grandmas, you don't need to continue attacking this small divine array. I know this place too well. Let me do it. I've been preparing for this for a long time."

"See how I break this divine array!"

The captain had a proud expression and was also excited. He thought to himself that it was finally his turn to perform. At this moment, he was in high spirits. He raised his right hand and waved it fiercely at the sky.

"Little Dumpling, Mid Dumpling, Big Dumpling, Little Rectangle, Big Rectangle, all the dumplings and rectangles, heed my command, appear!"

As soon as the captain's voice rang out, the sky trembled. One after another, artificial suns suddenly descended from the clouds. There were a total of five of them, some large and some small. Every one of them was different.

It also included the two suns Xu Qing had seen on the shore back then.

Three rainbows manifested in the distant horizon. There were three more artificial suns who responded to the captain's summon and hurried over from other races.

Eight suns manifested in the sky, shining and burning at the same time.

Immediately, the weather changed and the entire world suddenly lit up.

"The first thing I did when I arrived to the Moon Worship Region was to collect the suns. All of this was for today!"

The captain had a proud expression as he roared.

"Junior Brother, lend me the sun on your waist!"

Xu Qing strode out of the Moon Rebel Hall. He gazed at the eight suns in the sky and didn't hesitate at all. He directly removed the iron ball from his waist and threw it into the sky.

As the iron ball was removed, Xu Qing's aura rumbled and erupted. The relaxed feeling from his entire body caused his eyes to reveal an intense light.

After this iron ball rose into the air, it directly surrounded the other eight suns in the sky and burned. At this moment, the light was even brighter than before.

The captain's eyes revealed smugness. He raised his hand and waved it again. A strand of hair flew out and headed straight for the sky.

This strand of hair was none other than the hair of the god. It grew larger and larger in the air and finally penetrated the nine suns, stringing them together to form a ring of nine suns.

This ring emitted terrifying energy. It covered the red light of the sky and buried the deep red of the Red Moon.































































Over the countless years in the Moon Worship Region, there were a total of eight artificial suns created by some once powerful races and sects!

Coupled with the oldest one, these nine suns could be said to be extremely dazzling.

No one had ever been able to rouse these nine suns at the same time. They rose in different eras and fell one after another for various reasons.

However, today, both ancient and modern suns were all shining brightly.

All of them emitted piercing light and everything lit up.

With the spread of this brilliance, the ruby-red of the sky was covered, and the array formation on the ground was shaken. What caused the qualitative change in their might was the strand of hair that connected them.

The hair of the Moon Flame High God contained dense divine power. Under Its effect, the nine suns were enhanced greatly, becoming divine suns.

The light they emitted transformed into divine light, and the fire they formed transformed into divine flames.

The sea of light rippled and flames surged. In an instant, the ruby-red color formed by the arrival of the Red Moon Star was neutralized, gradually dissipating from this area.

From afar, although the sky in the entire Moon Worship Region was still red, an empty area appeared here, like a hole in the red curtain!

It was a shocking sight.

As for the blood lake on the ground, its color also changed due to the sea of light. It was no longer red but became murky.



Countless skeletons could be seen undulating within, as if this was the true appearance of the lake.

As for the island in the center of the lake, its deep red divine array was still persisting. However, the captain proudly raised his head and waved his hand.

Immediately, the nine suns ring that was spinning in the air pressed down fiercely on the island's red divine array.

The lake water exploded, and the island quaked violently.

Cracking sounds started spreading from everywhere.

The array formation at Red Moon's headquarters clearly showed signs of collapse. Not only did it thin out, but irregular cracks also appeared on it.

The heir's eyes lit up. He performed a series of hand seals, and the ruler's nail rose with an earth-shattering aura, rushing toward the divine array again.

With a cracking sound, a piece of the divine array shattered!

At this moment, Princess Mingmei, the fifth princess, and Old Eighth also attacked one after another. Cracking sounds continued and the divine array shattered again.

A cold glint flashed in Old Ninth's eyes. He raised his hand and grabbed at the void. The void collapsed and quickly gathered in front of him, forming a large sword that stabbed fiercely at the divine array.

The divine array in Red Moon's headquarters was already collapsing due to the nine suns ring, and it kept shattering under the attacks of the heir and the others. Now, it had reached its limit after enduring Old Ninth's strike.

A deafening sound echoed.

The dark red divine array shattered into pieces and collapsed, revealing a large group of solemn-looking Red Moon cultivators.

Many of their expressions changed and their hearts were in turmoil as they hadn't imagined the divine array to collapse so fast.

"Surprised? Haha." The captain laughed proudly when he saw this scene.

"This isn't the first time I've faced your divine array. Back then, when I advanced it, I was already thinking about how to destroy this array."

"So this time, I'm fully prepared!"

The heir ignored the captain's laughter, and headed straight for the island. Old Ninth followed behind, with Princess Mingmei beside him. Grandma Five and Old Eighth also sped forward.

The five of them transformed into five beams of light and advanced the Red Moon's headquarters like lightning. They didn't stop on the way and approached the Crimson Goddess' mortal skin that was constantly thumping.

They didn't have time to suppress the Red Moon cultivators. The divine aura from the Crimson Goddess' mortal skin made the heir and the others realize that their fourth brother… was at the critical moment of becoming a god.

Time was tight now, so they had to stop the process first. Otherwise, once Old Fourth's god-ascension ritual was completed, the difficulty of suppressing him would increase significantly.

The instant she got close, Princess Mingmei performed a series of hand seals with both hands and waved them out. Immediately, the river of time appeared, enveloping them in surging waves and crashing onto the Crimson Goddess' mortal skin.

It would be difficult to enter Crimson Goddess' mortal skin through conventional means. One could only make use of this Dao of Time to step in from the past!

 In the blink of an eye, the figures of the heir and the others followed the river of time and advanced the Crimson Goddess' mortal skin.

Crimson Goddess' mortal skin suddenly paused, followed by a piercing and mournful sound emanating from within. There was also a continuous thunderous noise, resembling a million heavenly thunders, resonating.

Everything happened too quickly. The expressions of the Red Moon cultivators changed. The task they received was to prevent any outsiders from entering the Crimson Goddess' mortal skin until the Divine Son walked out.

Now, seeing that they couldn't stop it, the Red Moon cultivators immediately stood up. The high priest frowned, about to command the Red Moon cultivators to use their divine arts to assist the Divine Son.

The Moon Rebel Hall that was floating outside the island instantly sped up and rapidly arrived above the island, shrouding Crimson Goddess' mortal skin.

The mirror's surface rippled, forming a suppressive force that sealed off the Crimson Goddess' mortal skin. At the same time, statues walked out of their respective temples. They were like gods and devils as they stepped out of the mirror and rushed toward the Red Moon cultivators.

Tens of thousands of statues rushed out one after another, shattering the surrounding space. All kinds of laws kept colliding. A storm brewed as the battle erupted.

However, compared to the Red Moon cultivators, the number of Moon Rebel cultivators was much fewer. This was the Red Moon's headquarters. Not only did the Red Moon cultivators have the advantage in numbers, but they also had many dependent forces.

For example, the Yin Yang Flower Sect was among them.

At that moment, in the battle, Nihility experts on the Red Moon cultivator's side walked out and headed straight for Nihility experts of Moon Rebel Hall.

The third hall master, fourth hall master, and their subordinates quickly descended to resist Nihility.

The aftershock from their exchange spread through the sky, as though apocalypse had descended.

There were also the ancient cultivators who had been unsealed. They rushed out and fought against the Red Moon experts who had arrived.

Every time they collided, a storm would sweep over.

There were even more Spirit Repository battles. The collision of rules between them gave off an extraordinary aura, but it wasn't so conspicuous on the entire battlefield.

Nascent Soul cultivators were the largest in number, and due to their levels, casualties kept appearing in an instant.

Blood rained down and fell on the corpses. Mad and indignant shouts kept echoing in the world.

There were too many Red Moon cultivators here. Although Moon Rebel had revived, it was clearly no match for them.

However, what the cultivators from the Moon Rebel Hall had to do this time was to stall for time and stop the Red Moon cultivators from helping the Divine Son. Therefore, they contracted their range, using the Moon Rebel Hall as the center, and could barely hold their ground in the fight.

After all, what truly determined everything was the Crimson Goddess' mortal skin.

But the huge difference in numbers still put Moon Rebel's side in danger.

However, since Xu Qing and the captain were able to start this war, they were naturally prepared. Seeing that it was dangerous, Xu Qing didn't hesitate to activate another divine art of the Moon Rebel Hall.

The mirror instantly flashed. At the next moment, the minds of all living beings in various locations in the Moon Worship Region, who were in a numb state and waiting for death, rumbled as the scene of the battle at Red Moon's headquarters appeared in their minds.

The tragedy in this scene caused all living beings to be shocked.

"This is the final battle with the Red Moon Shrine!"

"At this critical moment of life and death, all living beings in the Moon Worship Region, you can choose not to appear on this battlefield. However, this battle… requires your strength!"

"Lift your right hands, face the Repentance Plain, send forth your faith, and bless the Moon Rebel!"

The voice from the scene of the God Slaying Platform back then echoed in the minds of all living beings. Very few people would be stingy with raising their hands in the face of all of this, especially when they saw the tragic scene, the shouts of the cultivators from the Moon Rebel Hall, and the endless deaths.

These scenes touched their hearts. Hence, all the silent living beings in the large region raised their hands.

Strands of white light spread out from their hands, forming specks of light. Just like the God Slaying Platform incident back then, these white specks of light rose into the air and gathered toward the Moon Rebel Hall.

This was the power of all living beings!

It was also the last hope of all living beings, the last passion in their hearts.

It was also a divine power of the Moon Rebel Hall.

As a regional treasure, it carried the consciousness of Ruler Li Zihua before he died. It could gather the power of faith of all living beings.

This force could summon all the battle souls in the Moon Rebel Hall since ancient times!

In an instant, as the power of faith of all living beings gathered, countless white light specks arrived from all directions and rushed into the Moon Rebel Mirror, into the surface of the lake in the mirror.

After they entered, the artifact spirit old man on the lake raised his hands and the surface of the lake immediately boiled. Strands of soul shadows that had died for many eras rose from within, surrounded by the light specks of the power of all living beings.

Every soul shadow was once a cultivator of the Moon Rebel Hall. In their era, the heir and the others were sealed and couldn't help them, nor did they have Xu Qing to neutralize the curse.

Most importantly, Crimson Goddess wasn't in a deep sleep. The moment the Red Moon Star appeared, Her gaze could disintegrate everything.

Hence, they failed to challenge the Red Moon Shrine and were suppressed and devoured.

However, their time was preserved by the Moon Rebel Hall. Only the faith of all living beings could rouse this time.

Today, they appeared!

The moment the battle souls left the surface of the lake, they opened their eyes, revealing a dark glint. They recovered their auras and headed straight for the outside world to join the battlefield.

When they were alive, they fought for freedom. After they died… it was the same!

The battlefield at Red Moon's headquarters became even more intense.

Li Xiaoshan and Divine Sparrow each unleashed their speed and headed straight for the high priest, who was behind the crowd.

Their battle with the high priest wasn't over yet. It resumed here.

At this moment, not only was there a battle at the headquarters, but many branches of the Red Moon in this large region also faced attacks from the resistance forces from the various races and sects who had regained their fighting spirit.

The entire large region was turned upside down.

However, although the Moon Rebel Hall had all kinds of divine abilities, the Red Moon Shrine still had more foundations since it grazed the whole large region.

Although they weren't at the level of Crimson Goddess' mortal skin, they were enough to shake the Soul Accumulation.

At that moment, facing Li Xiaoshan and Divine Sparrow who were rushing toward him, the high priest's eyes revealed a hint of blue light. His expression was calm as he raised his right hand and pressed down slightly on the ground below.

"By the decree of the divine oracle, Blood Guards of the Red Palace, hear the proclamation."

"Execute judgment on those who blaspheme the god!"































































As the high priest's voice rang out, the island of the Red Moon's headquarters immediately trembled. Many temples built on it shook, and among them, nine temples radiated a crimson light.

It formed a diagram of nine stars.

In this area, because of the light of the nine suns, the world had lost its red color. Only the radiance emitted by the Crimson Goddess' mortal skin and the high priest remained. Now, there were nine more light sources.

As this crimson light flickered, ancient auras spread out from each of the nine Red Moon temples. Accompanied by blood churning like a river and baleful aura, the sound of hooves gradually became audible.

Soon, nine figures walked out.

The first figure was a four-armed nonhuman, and their gender was indiscernible. All that could be seen was a withered armor wrapped around them, exuding a sense of decay and the passage of time. Three of their four arms appeared decayed and entwined with iron chains.

However, on the fourth arm, the ashy-black hand held a spear, with blood dripping from its tip.

The second figure was a human, donned in the same blood-red armor. Flames of red fire burned beneath the helmet, and they held a spear in their hands as well.

As they walked out one after another, the nine figures were completely reflected in the world.

There were humans and nonhumans among them, each one different. They were clad in identical armor, with their heads and bodies wrapped within.

On the armor, there were engraved runes and totems resembling the appearance of Crimson Goddess. Despite being blood-red, they gave off a sacred aura. Each one rode on a blood-red warhorse.



These nine horses were also clad in armor, and looking at the exposed flesh, it seemed as if their skin had been forcibly stripped away.

As they advanced, blood flowed beneath them.

Their eyes were bright red and their teeth sharp. They looked like horses but in reality, they were like demon beasts. They didn't have four legs but six.

The appearance of these nine beings and their nine horses caused a commotion on the entire battlefield. The Red Moon side was excited, while the Moon Rebel side was frightened.

The energy fluctuations emitted by these Red Palace's blood guards summoned by the high priest were so strong that they seemed to be able to crush everything.

They were extremely close to the Soul Accumulation realm.

It could even be said that they were only a small step away from stepping into the Soul Accumulation realm.

Clearly, reaching the Soul Accumulation realm wasn't just a matter of sufficient cultivation base, but also required some special conditions. Hence, until now, in the entire Moon Worship Region, other than the ruler's children, there were almost no new Soul Accumulation experts.

Even this clone of Divine Sparrow was only at the half-step Soul Accumulation realm. As for what realm her main body had reached, that information was now submerged in history.

At present, the only one who had reached the Soul Accumulation realm was the high priest.

However, his Soul Accumulation realm was a product that was pieced together and enhanced, and it had fatal flaws.

Hence, the appearance of these nine ancient blood guards had a huge impact on the battlefield. With their participation, the advantage brought about by the Moon Rebel battle souls would be gone.

But Li Xiaoshan's footsteps did not stop; instead, his speed increased. His eyes revealed a fighting spirit, and at this moment, his whole body began to burn.

This burning wasn't substantial but internal.

With the burning, his appearance actually reversed, no longer aged but transformed into a middle-aged look. His aura also reached the peak of his life.

As he sped, his words rang out.

"Throughout my life, I have experienced more than seven thousand life-and-death battles. Initially, I fought over a thousand battles at the same realm, then I comprehended the essence of slaughter, and I was able to battle beyond my realm!"

"I can fight all nine blood guards who are of the same realm as me alone."

Li Xiaoshan let out a deep shout and his speed erupted. He actually transformed into nine afterimages and rushed toward the nine blood guards who were moving forward. He instantly arrived before them and slashed out with the long blades.

The collision resulted in a deafening sound. Li Xiaoshan spat out blood, his body retreated three steps before forcefully stopping. At the same time, the nine blood guards also came to a sudden halt.

At the next instant, a horse trembled and its body directly split into two from the center. The armor of the nonhuman blood guard on it also emitted cracking sounds and shattered, revealing the withered body of the nonhuman.

The body actually couldn't withstand it either and a blade mark appeared. This mark grew larger and larger and became clearer. Finally… this nonhuman blood guard's body, like the warhorse, split into two.

On the ground, one of the nine shining temples dimmed and the temple collapsed.

Li Xiaoshan's peak-level blade strike was really terrifying.

 Licking away the blood at the corner of his mouth, the battle intent in Li Xiaoshan's eyes intensified. At this moment, he didn't care about his life and death. Moreover, he was aware that there was a limit to the number of times one could resurrect through the Moon Rebel Hall.

His upper limit had already been reached.

However, he didn't care. He brandished his long blade and rushed over again.

On the other side, the expressionless Divine Sparrow stepped on the sea of fire and headed straight for the high priest.

However, the foundation of the Red Moon Shrine was still there.

The high priest's expression was calm. He lifted his right hand and pressed down on the ground again.

"Blood generals, appear!"

The ground rumbled and three areas caved in. Three temples that emitted an ancient aura rose from them. Different from the other temples, these three gave off the feeling that they had existed for endless years.

This was indeed the case. These three temples were the first batch of temples to be built here.

At that moment, the gates opened and the ancient aura spread out. Three blood red coffins flew out and their lids exploded in the air. Three withered corpses walked out.

As the wind blew, their bodies rapidly filled up and they transformed into three old men in the blink of an eye.

Upon closer inspection, one could see that their temperaments were extremely similar to the high priest's. As they walked out, their eyes opened and they looked at Divine Sparrow.

Divine Sparrow's expression froze. At the next instant, the three old men shuttled through the void and appeared beside Divine Sparrow. Each of them raised their hands and the phantom of a world appeared.

The cultivation they displayed was actually at the Soul Accumulation realm.

But their great world wasn't real but illusory. This caused their combat strength to be inferior to the Soul Accumulation Realm but it was enough to suppress all Nihility.

However, Divine Sparrow wasn't an ordinary person. As the previous Lord of the Moon Rebel Hall, to be able to seal a clone of her in the Moon Rebel Hall until now, her methods were also astonishing.

She was actually able to fight against these three old men alone. Although she was at a disadvantage, the three old men couldn't take their attention away from her.

However, as the three old men continued to fight, their great worlds slowly turned from illusory to real. It was as though they were reviving and their combat strength continued to increase. Divine Sparrow's situation became increasingly dangerous.

What was even more astonishing was that in the worlds of the three old men, there were projections that were also awakening at the same time.

This scene caused the minds of the cultivators on both sides to rumble. Red Moon was excited, while Moon Rebel was shaken.

The battle between the two sides was world-destroying. The energy fluctuations spread through the entire large region. The sky changed colors and the mountains and rivers on the ground were shaking.

Red Moon's side looked as they used their divine techniques to suppress everything.

The forces that relied on the Red Moon put in even more effort. Among them were the sects, the Underworld Order Race, the Sound Seeker Race, and so on. The Yin Yang Flower Sect even activated their dream ritual art.

Large amounts of hazy fog invaded the cultivators of the Moon Rebel Hall, causing them to reveal blank expressions. Even if they would wake up very soon, a moment of daze was a difference between life and death on the battlefield.

In an instant, the advantage of Moon Rebel persisted to decrease. They could only narrow the range and stall for time, waiting for the outcome within the Crimson Goddess' mortal skin.

Seeing this, Xu Qing immediately summoned the artifact spirit to confront the high priest.

The high priest had experienced the battle in the Bitter Life Mountain Range and was cautious of the Moon Rebel Hall now. Even now, he didn't personally attack. Instead, after glancing at the artifact spirit, he raised his right hand and pressed down on the ground again.

A dark glint flashed in his eyes as he spoke in a deep voice.

"Blood children, revive!"

The island trembled intensely. Other than the three ancient temples and the eight temples that emitted red light, all the other temples collapsed and caved in at this instant.

Vortices appeared that formed caverns.

There were no less than thousands of caverns on the entire island.

Beams of blood light emitted from these caves. Numerous blood beasts that Xu Qing had encountered in the desert back then leaped out of these caverns.

They gazed sinister and fiendish.

They were so densely packed that they transformed into an endless sea of beasts.

It was as though the interior of the island was completely hollow and that there was a cavern there that stored countless blood beasts.

The moment they appeared, they let out bloodthirsty roars. This sound contained madness, hunger, and greed.

They soared into the sky from all directions and rode the sea of blood toward the battlefield in the air.

Wherever they passed, it would be a sea of red. When the cultivators of the Moon Rebel Hall saw this scene, their emotions fluctuated and their expressions turned solemn.

The captain narrowed his eyes and gazed at the high priest, transmitting his voice to Xu Qing.

"Little Qing, this old ghost is too cautious. We have to think of a way to get him to come over. After that, just watch. I have a way to deal with this thief."

Xu Qing nodded when he heard this. He glanced at the countless blood beasts below and his eyes revealed a hint of blood.

He knew these blood beasts extremely well. After all, he had reared and incubated many of them in the past few months. Moreover, the first time he encountered them, his cultivation was only at the Nascent Soul realm. Even then, with his authority, he had made the large number of blood beasts kneel and submit.

Right now, his cultivation base was completely different from before. Hence, Xu Qing didn't hesitate at all. The authority of the Red Moon rose in his body and the secret repository behind him rumbled as it materialized.

The moon within the secret repository emitted moonlight which spread out of the secret repository and illuminated the island with him as the center.

Under the moonlight, the ground turned red. All the blood beasts paused in unison and instinctively gazed at the Moon Rebel Hall. They each let out anxious roars, as though they were struggling but also terrified. It was as though in their eyes, wherever they looked, there was an existence that was supreme to them.

This scene shocked both sides of the battlefield. The expression of the high priest changed for the first time as he gazed at the Moon Rebel Hall.

Under their gazes, Xu Qing's elegant figure strode out of the Moon Rebel Mirror step by step like a monarch.































































As Xu Qing walked out, the blood beasts on the battlefield that were like a tide became increasingly restless. The fluctuations of emotions of struggle and horror were especially obvious on them.

They instinctively let out roars and the spikes on their bodies moved unconsciously. Their blood-red pupils contracted, and some were restlessly grabbing the ground, trembling.

This was a type of suppression from the Red Moon's authority, just like bloodline.

Before this, only Crimson Goddess and Divine Son could control these blood beasts. Outsiders couldn't do it, and even the high priest couldn't give too many orders.

However, Xu Qing possessed the same qualifications as Crimson Goddess and Divine Son.

Back then in the green sand desert, Xu Qing had already tried it and succeeded too. Now that his cultivation base had increased greatly and he had the cultivation of one secret repository, his Red Moon authority became even more powerful. The invisible suppression from the higher status was also more obvious.

With a few steps, Xu Qing walked out of the Moon Rebel Mirror. His entire body let out countless blood droplets that gathered into a blood-colored vortex that surrounded his body.

As it rumbled, its higher level aura was released with full power.

The sky and the ground were dyed deep red, but this red light didn't give Red Moon cultivators protection or blessings but endless horror.

Not all Red Moon cultivators had heard of Xu Qing. Most Red Moon cultivators didn't know of Xu Qing's worth.

Hence, at this moment, the red light and authority emitted by Xu Qing, as well as the pressure that was comparable to the status of Divine Son, caused most of the Red Moon cultivators here to be horrified.

Countless people's expressions changed drastically. These Red Moon cultivators could clearly sense the faith in their bodies churning uncontrollably. It was as though it was telling them that the person in front of them was one of the sources of their faith.

This absurd perception instantly caused waves in the hearts of the Red Moon cultivators here.



Compared to them, the thoughts of the blood beasts, who relied on their intuition and instincts to act, were much simpler. At that moment, the blood beasts in all directions trembled.

Gradually, the restlessness dissipated and was replaced by submission. All of them lowered their heads toward Xu Qing, revealing a hint of obedience.

Countless blood beasts were prostrating in the sky and land.

These ferocious blood beasts were like demons that had run out of hell. However, no matter how bloodthirsty, cruel, and hungry they were before, at this moment… they instinctively lowered their heads and worshiped, as though they were meeting their monarch.

Xu Qing was standing outside the Moon Rebel Mirror, and his long hair fluttered in the wind.

His handsome face was cold and perfect as though it had been carved. Coupled with the blood-colored vortex outside his body…

Some people cried out involuntarily.

"Divine Son?"

At this moment, Xu Qing indeed looked like a divine son no matter how one looked at him.

The high priest's expression was solemn as he stared at Xu Qing. His eyes revealed a hint of killing intent.

Xu Qing ignored him. He silently stood in the air and swept his gaze across the blood beasts in the surroundings. He then transmitted his divine sense and marked the cultivators of the Red Moon here.

"Eat them."

At the next instant, all the blood beasts lifted their heads in unison and looked at the Red Moon cultivators and the high priest in the surroundings. Their eyes revealed bloodthirst and madness as they let out roars and charged towards the Red Moon cultivators.

The situation on the battlefield reversed and became chaotic instantly. Screams, cries, and furious shouts rose and fell continuously.

Moon Rebel's morale soared. With the help of the blood beasts, the pressure on them was much reduced. After rapidly reorganizing themselves, they joined the battlefield in an orderly manner and fought together.

However, at this moment, a muffled thunderous sound rang out like the primordial lightning. Crimson Goddess' mortal skin rapidly contracted and swelled.

Vaguely, there was also a heart-rending sound.

Clearly, there were some changes to the battle within Crimson Goddess' mortal skin.

This scene made things even worse for the Red Moon cultivators. The high priest finally looked like he had made a decision.

He indeed didn't want to personally take action. The battle in the Bitter Life Mountain Range earlier had caused him to be extremely wary of the various methods of the Moon Rebel Hall. Moreover, Divine Sparrow's words had made him even more uneasy.

This was especially so for the eye thing the other party had mentioned. It made him feel very uneasy. Even though Divine Sparrow was in a precarious situation, he instinctively didn't want to get close to Xu Qing.

This was because the junior standing beside Xu Qing was none other than the owner of the eyes that Divine Sparrow had mentioned.

 Even though he had checked after he returned, the Moon Rebel Hall had come too quickly and Divine Son had chosen to break through, so he didn't have time to investigate everything.

Most importantly, he had used a special method to hear that person's voice transmission to Xu Qing earlier…

But now, he had no choice but to make a move.

However, he didn't get close. Instead, he stood on the spot and a cold glint flashed in his eyes. He lifted his right hand and pointed at the sky.

"Heavenly Fire Sea!"

Following the high priest's words, the sky rumbled and the stars shifted, resembling a river flowing rapidly. It was as if the entire sky had become a piece of cloth; the sky above the Heavenly Fire Sea was swiftly dragged to cover the sky above the island.

In the blink of an eye, a huge crack appeared in the sky. Endless heavenly fire fell down like a waterfall. It was controlled by the high priest and gathered together, forming a huge finger that headed toward the Moon Rebel Mirror.

This was moving the sky!

However, the high priest wasn't done yet. He coldly looked at Xu Qing and focused his attention on the captain beside Xu Qing. He then performed another series of hand seals and the ice plain in the northern part of the Moon Worship Region instantly trembled.

As the surroundings turned cold, the entire northern icy plains' ice layer was moved to the ground of the island.

A finger similarly condensed from the ice that rose from the ground and headed straight for the Moon Rebel Mirror.

This was swapping the land!

With the sea of fire above his head, the high priest stepped on the icy ground, and did a grabbing motion.

In an instant, endless wind appeared out of thin air.

The wind blew the heavenly fire, making it even more violent. It swept across the icy plains, bringing with it an overwhelming chill.

This endless wind rapidly gathered around the high priest, forming a storm that connected the sky and earth. It carried the power of ice and fire as it rumbled and spread in all directions.

It was also like a finger, pressing toward the Moon Rebel Mirror.

This was wind-catching!

This scene caused everyone's expressions to change. After that, the high priest lifted his hand again and waved it fiercely at all the Moon Rebel cultivators, including Xu Qing and the captain.

With this wave, the bodies of the Moon Rebel cultivators trembled violently. Their bodies were fine but almost everyone's expressions changed. The shadow under their feet rapidly blurred under the light of the heavenly fire and finally disappeared.

All the shadows seemed to have been captured and gathered on the high priest's right hand in unison, turning into a lump of black fog that spread along his palm and arm until it spread throughout his entire body. A huge shadow finger rose and also pressed down on the Moon Rebel Mirror.

This was shadow capture!

Moving the sky, swapping the land, wind-catching, and shadow capture; the power of the Soul Accumulation could be seen from this.

Only Xu Qing's shadow was still under his feet, struggling intensely.

"Hmm?"

The high priest's gaze froze. However, now wasn't the time to pay attention to this matter. The four fingers he formed contained a world-destroying power, and they were all moving towards the Moon Rebel Mirror.

Once they landed, the Moon Rebel Mirror might still exist but the impact on the Moon Rebel cultivators would definitely not be small.

In an instant, danger arose.

However, at this moment, the captain laughed.

As he laughed, he took a step forward. His expression was filled with excitement and his eyes revealed it clearly. In fact, because of the excitement in his heart, he couldn't help but lick his lips.

"Eye thief, you have finally made a move. Do you think I don't know that you can hear my voice transmission to Junior Brother? I was deliberately letting you hear it, and I was waiting for you to use your divine ability!"

"In the end, you were still affected by my eyes. The judgment brought about by the scene you saw was actually… what I wanted you to see."

The captain laughed heartily, stepping forward with a crazed expression, exuding an aura as if he wanted to dominate the battlefield and engage in a fierce battle. His right hand suddenly lifted, pointing towards the void in the sky.

"Big Nose, Big Neck, come out!"

As soon as he finished speaking, the color of the world changed and the void distorted. A massive nose and neck manifested out of thin air. There were a large number of seals on them and there were even temples on them.

After they appeared, the temples collapsed and the seals exploded. The nose and neck whistled over and slammed into the finger formed by the Heavenly Fire Sea.

Amidst the rumbling, Heavenly Fire Sea's finger paused, and the captain's crazed voice continued.

"Big Head, fly over!"

In the blink of an eye, a massive faceless head flew out of the void. This head was bald but after it appeared, its majestic aura shook the surroundings as it headed straight for the icy finger.

"Arms, legs, and torso!"

"And my internal organs!"

"The divine body of my past life, return!"

The high priest's expression changed drastically and the captain roared. Immediately, the shattered parts of his past life's body descended from the void one after another. There were also two golden kidneys inside. One of them was the one Xu Qing had helped him get back from the clay fox back then.

Now, they all appeared and blasted toward the two fingers formed by wind and shadow.

Immediately after, the captain looked at the high priest whose expression had changed. A strange glint manifested in his eyes.

"Left ear!"

The void rumbled and a massive ear shattered the void. After that, the captain waved his hand and took out a blue coffin. There was a corpse inside. It was none other than the corpse Xu Qing and he had obtained from the Heavenly Bull Mountain.

At that moment, the corpse strode out of the coffin. Its entire body melted and transformed into a right ear!

In the captain's previous life, because he had sucked a mouthful of blood from the Crimson Goddess, he was hated by Her. Hence, his body shattered into pieces and became the power source of the Red Moon Shrine in various parts of the large region. He was punished to drag the temples along.

Originally, the captain couldn't have regained control over them. Back then, he could only rely on Flame Moon's help to make one of his ears tremble in resonance.

It was only some time ago when he finally sensed all his organs and torso through the enhancement of the power of the Moon Rebel Hall and established a connection that he could summon them today.

Regardless of whether it was the artificial suns or becoming the Lord of Moon Rebel, all of this was his plan.

Now, everything was completed.

At this moment, seeing that his past life's body had arrived, the captain was excited. He raised his hand and pointed at the distant high priest who was rapidly retreating with uneasiness in his heart as he let out a deep shout.

"Mouth, appear!"

"Swallow this eye thief!"

Lightning rumbled as a massive mouth manifested in the sky. As the captain laughed, this mouth headed straight for the high priest.

It opened wide and grew larger and larger. Finally, it seemed to be able to swallow the ground and enveloped the surroundings of the high priest.

The high priest's breathing was hurried. Amidst the high priest's shock, the madness in the captain's eyes intensified.

"Eye thief, you stole my eyes, so I am going to snatch your body!"































































The high priest's ability - moving sky, swapping land, wind-catching, and shadow capture - was an extremely powerful move with Soul Accumulation power.

The captain's counterattack, utilizing the parts of his past life body, displayed an extremely bizarre style and unleashed a terrifying power that shocked the onlookers.

The shock was especially high for the Red Moon's side. Almost every one of them had seen these terrifying limbs and organs before and knew that they usually carried the temples. They were the ceremonial guards of the Red Moon Shrine when they went out.

Any one of them emitted a terrifying pressure.

Among them was the organ Xu Qing had seen in the Heavenly Fire Sea back then.

Countless years had passed, and the people in the Moon Worship Region had their own guesses about the origins of these organs and limbs. However, no matter what, they couldn't imagine that these organs and limbs actually belonged to the previous life of that person who looked to only be at the Nascent Soul realm!

After all, the time the captain's past life lived in was an era away from now. It was too long ago, so there were few who belonged to his era.

As such, these changes caused all the cultivators on both sides to be shocked and their expressions changed.

Following the madness in Erniu's eyes, the large mouth that appeared in the sky suddenly enveloped the high priest like it was devouring the heavens and the earth.

There was also a large amount of saliva secreted from the large mouth, raining down in all directions.

The saliva was viscous and stood upright upon landing. It carried a strong corrosive intent and also possessed the power of sealing. It formed a curtain that locked everything in place.

When the high priest saw this, his expression couldn't help but change drastically. An intense uneasiness rose in his heart. Just as he was about to counterattack, at the next instant, an unprecedented pain suddenly came from his eyes.



Under this intense pain, his spell was interrupted and the world in front of him changed. At the same time, countless afterimages appeared in the blurriness and counterattacked him.

The appearances of those afterimages were all captains.

Looking at this, the high priest's expression was gloomy.

"Even if this pair of eyes really used to belong to someone else, it's mine now!"

The high priest let out a cold snort and retreated. He didn't care about the intense pain in his eyes and circulated his cultivation base, causing a burst of golden light to erupt from his body, rapidly combining into countless marks that expanded outward with a resounding roar.

During this process, blood flowed out of his eyes. At the same time, a face appeared in his pupils.

This face was none other than the captain's.

He was laughing, his smile eerie. Within the eyes of this face, there was yet another face, one nested within the other. It was impossible to discern how many faces there were, but all seemed to be revealing the same eerie smile.

The appearance of these faces caused the high priest's body to shake. His divine ability was about to be interrupted and his body even paused for a moment.

However, he was the high priest after all. Although his origins were unknown and his cultivation and body were pieced together, at this moment, he uttered an incantation.

"First green talisman life, cave abyss execution, demons and evil spirits, binded to the impoverished abyss!"

As he spoke, the golden light on his entire body became even more dazzling. The scattered marks also completed their combination at this moment, forming the figure of an extremely huge golden rhinoceros.

It roared at the sky. As the world rumbled, the golden rhinoceros rushed out and headed straight for the huge mouth in the sky.

With a loud crash, the big mouth bit directly onto the rhinoceros. In the clattering sound, the rhinoceros stood firm, and the big mouth could not continue biting.

Using this time, the high priest's entire body flickered with golden light again. This time, it gathered in his eyes, causing the faces in his eyes to immediately distort.

Those faces seemed to be no match for the golden light and quickly dissipated. The high priest's aura continued to purify with his eyes, rising steadily. It seemed he was about to break free and turn the situation around.

The captain sneered.

"A mere makeshift eye thief!"

He lifted his hands and waved them fiercely, letting out a deep shout.

"My past life body, turn into a mark, gather in this body, sealing fate and soul!"

"Head, facial features, limbs, torso, internal organs… Go!"

The captain's entire body erupted with blue light, forming a sea of blue light. He lifted his right hand and performed a series of hand seals, pointing at the high priest.

Immediately, all the organs of his previous life in the surroundings rumbled and rushed toward the high priest. They instantly got close with astonishing pressure.

 At that moment, the high priest was resisting his eyes. Faced with this scene, his mind trembled and a life-and-death crisis appeared in his mind. At the critical moment, his body actually collapsed and transformed into a golden light that moved back, trying to escape.

However, at the next instant, Li Xiaoshan broke free from the restraints of the blood guards and arrived here in one step. He brandished the long blade in his hand and the killing intent in his eyes was strong as he slashed down.

This blade strike tore through the void, forming a ravine. It was also like a heavenly river that suddenly appeared as it slashed over.

The world rumbled.

It directly slashed at the golden light.

Li Xiaoshan spat out a mouthful of blood. He had used everything in this strike and suffered a huge backlash. His body shattered and his entire body was badly mangled. As he retreated, he was on the verge of death and fell to the ground.

However, the effect of his blade strike was huge. After the golden light was slashed, a heart-rending sound rang out and the golden light couldn't help but pause in the air.

The instant it paused, the captain's organs rapidly fused with it. The first to arrive were the limbs.

The limbs instantly blurred and fused into the high priest's body. After that, it was his internal organs, neck, torso, head, ears, nose…

Finally, it was the huge mouth in the sky that bit through the golden barrier and swallowed the high priest, merging with him.

All of this sounded slow but in reality, it happened in the blink of an eye. In the blink of an eye, all of the captain's previous life body's parts disappeared and fused into the high priest's body.

At that moment, the high priest's torso, limbs, internal organs, as well as the facial features of his head, everything belonged to the captain's previous life body.

It was the same for his eyes. At that moment, blue light suddenly flickered and erupted in all directions, causing the world here to be filled with resplendent blue light.

The most astonishing thing was his appearance. At that moment, as his facial features were replaced by the captain's previous life, his appearance changed. In the end, he had the exact same face as the captain.

The color of the sky changed and a storm brewed. This scene caused all the Red Moon cultivators in the surroundings to be in shock and disbelief.

Under the countless gazes, the aura of the high priest, who had been replaced by the captain's previous life, fluctuated unstably. He seemed to be still struggling but his body could only stand on the spot and not move at all.

"How can my eyes be so easily controlled?"

"I'll tell you the truth. The moment I am born in every life, I place restrictions on my body every day. Every day, I refine my body when I have the time. These restrictions and refinements accumulate over time, and in the end, even I am afraid of them."

"And my body is my strongest magic artifact!"

"To deal with you today, one previous life is enough. If you still struggle, believe it or not, I'll summon all my previous lives and crush you to death!"

The captain's tone was arrogant as he looked at the high priest who had been replaced by his previous life. His words also attracted Xu Qing's attention. He wasn't surprised by Eldest Senior Brother's success.

After all, the captain had prepared for this day for too long.

What surprised Xu Qing was the captain's habit of putting restrictions on his body…

Hence, Xu Qing glanced at the captain's body in this life.

"There are fewer restrictions in this life. After all, every time I do something big, I'll lose an arm or a leg. Now, I've only finished refining my head." Seeing Xu Qing's gaze, the captain guessed Xu Qing's thoughts and coughed.

Xu Qing had a strange expression as he nodded. He then looked at the motionless high priest.

"He…"

"There's no need to bother about him. That eye thief's soul isn't simple. However, he can stop thinking about escaping the seal of my previous life. When my previous life slowly refines it, I'll be able to control it!"

The captain had his hands behind his back and a smug expression on his face.

At this moment, the auras of both sides on the battlefield reversed. The high priest's defeat caused the hearts of the Red Moon cultivators to collapse. Many of them had already begun to retreat, unwilling to continue participating in the battle.

On the other hand, the cultivators from the Moon Rebel Hall were imposing. For the sake of hope, freedom, and the future, they fought with everything they had.

Just as everything was progressing positively, a sudden change occurred.

A loud sound that surpassed thunder exploded from the Crimson Goddess' mortal skin. This sound was extremely loud, as though the sky had split open. The moment it spread out, it formed a violent sound wave.

Wherever it passed, all the cultivators spat out blood and many of their bodies directly collapsed.

It was the same for Red Moon cultivators. Their bodies disintegrated under the sound waves and their bodies and souls were destroyed.

Both sides quickly retreated, far away from the Crimson Goddess' mortal skin.

Xu Qing's expression also changed. He abruptly turned his head and looked at the Crimson Goddess' mortal skin with the captain.

Numerous cracks quickly spread on the surface of the Crimson Goddess' mortal skin. Beams of blood light penetrated the cracks and illuminated the surroundings. At the same time, the Crimson Goddess' mortal skin tore completely.

Five figures flew out of it. They were none other than the heir and the others.

Their expressions were extremely solemn. Each of them had injuries, especially the fifth princess and Old Eighth. There was still blood at the corner of their mouths and their eyes were filled with killing intent. At the same time, they were also shocked.

As for the heir, his chest was caved in and there was a huge hole in his heart. The wound couldn't heal because… there was no heart inside.

Princess Mingmei's expression was ugly. Her injuries weren't light either.

Only Old Ninth looked alright. The battle intent in his eyes was intense. He was at the back, protecting his elder brother and the others.

"Retreat, He's coming out!"

As they retreated, Old Ninth suddenly spoke.

The instant he spoke, a large amount of blood suddenly churned in the shattered Crimson Goddess' mortal skin. It was as though there was a sea of blood connected to it. Now, the sea of blood surged out from the inner spring and flowed on the ruler's statue, landing on the ground and quickly filling this place.

There was also a frightening aura rising from within.

That wasn't the aura of a cultivator but the fluctuations of a god. The sky became blood red again, and it was even more so for the ground.

Right on the heels of that, under the convergence of countless gazes, a figure appeared from the Crimson Goddess' mortal skin. Step by step, He stepped on the blood and walked out at a neither fast nor slow pace.

As He walked over, an overwhelming sense of oppression erupted, crushing everything in its path. The environment turned blurry and anomalous substances were born.

This was the descent of a god!































































The moment the god arrived, everyone was shaken.

Xu Qing's eyes gleamed. The captain narrowed his eyes with a solemn expression.

The cultivators from Moon Rebel were frightened, but Red Moon wasn't as excited as imagined.

As the blood in the torn mortal skin spread, all the Red Moon cultivators' cultivation and blood showed signs of losing control.

It seemed like that was the origin, intending to draw everything from them.

As everyone felt a sense of unease, the heir and others who had retreated swiftly dispersed, each displaying a serious expression and bursting with energy. They formed rainbows that intertwined with each other, creating a five-pointed star formation.

The light emanating from them was imprinted in the void, leaving traces of a pentagram. Afterward, the positions of the five individuals changed, standing on the corners of the pentagram, forming a quadrilateral formation.

The heir was on the left, Old Eighth was on the right, Old Ninth was in front, and the fifth princess was behind.

As for Princess Mingmei, she stood in the center with killing intent in her eyes as she spoke.

"His ascension ritual wasn't completely successful. It was forcefully interrupted by, so his[1] divine fire wasn't completely ignited!"

"The current him seems to have the aura of a god, but at the same time, this is also when he is at his most vulnerable. He is suppressing the backlash from failing the ritual!"

"Once he suppresses it and lights the divine fire again, we won't be able to fight back!"

"Therefore, this is our only chance now! I'll cast a taboo art and use time as the source to unlock the Heavenly Dao's lock. I'll use the past to slay him, causing his aura to become chaotic. He will have to withstand the backlash of the failed ritual and will perish on his own!"



Almost at the instant Princess Mingmei spoke, the figure in the Crimson Goddess' mortal skin walked over.

The blood under His feet was like a sea that gushed out, stirring up waves that spread to the ground and the lake, dyeing the world red again.

The stench of blood was so strong that it permeated the air.

The person who walked out of the red light was towering in stature. With every step he took, the resounding sound of heavy footsteps rang out.

This sound caused the sky to ripple and the ground to rumble, affecting the minds of all the cultivators.

Regardless of whether it was the Red Moon cultivators or the Moon Rebel cultivators, their faces turned pale when they heard the footsteps.

The footsteps seemed to have replaced their heartbeats. Step by step, it was as though He was stepping on their hearts.

Everyone instinctively retreated. At the same time, a chill that came from their souls spread throughout their bodies.

In this trembling, almost no one could control the urge to worship Him.

That was the suppression from the level of life. It was the fear of the weak towards the strong.

Under the countless gazes, the figure that walked out of the torn mortal skin became clearer and clearer, gradually entering the world.

That figure was 100 feet tall, entirely crimson, as if He had no skin. While He was badly mangled, one could see that there were many faces on His body.

Every face was different, and there were a total of 13 of them. They were the other 13 among the sovereign's children other than the fourth.

The heir, Mingmei, the fifth princess, Old Eighth, and Old Ninth were all among them.

This scene was incomparably bizarre.

As for the appearance of that figure, it was extremely hideous, with some irregular golden spots between the flesh, dense and ugly.

The four eyes all had double pupils that emitted a cold and indifferent light, as if everything in that world was unimportant in His eyes.

On top of its head, there were thorn-like horns, not just one, but a row extending behind the head and back, connecting with the tail behind.

The tail was entirely golden, trailing on the ground as the figure walked, drawing long trails in the sea of blood.

His hands were similar to the human race's, but He didn't have five fingers but four.

His right hand was still holding a beating heart. As He walked, He squeezed it. When He walked out of the mortal skin and was clearly seen by everyone here, He clenched his hand.

The heart was crushed to pieces.

 The heir spat out a mouthful of blood. His face turned pale as he hurriedly spoke.

"His ascension ritual revolves around time."

"The main point of this ritual is to use the time produced by all his blood relatives when they broke through a major realm in the past as the foundation. Devour these breakthrough times and transform them into his own strength, becoming fuel for igniting the divine fire!"

"If he succeeds, it will be equivalent to him gathering everything alone."

"There are a total of 14 of us brothers and sisters, so this ritual has 14 past nodes. Each of these 14 nodes has his shadow of time!"

"Every shadow of time corresponds to a different cultivation base. Only by killing him at these nodes can his ritual be considered a complete failure."

"We have already cleared the five most difficult nodes. There are still nine left now! Next, we will cut off five more, and the remaining four are currently beyond our immediate attention. Li Xiaoshan, if you can fight, you'll deal with one of them, and Divine Sparrow, you'll deal with another one!"

"The only ones who can participate in this ritual are those with the potential of Soul Accumulation or have the authority of a god. So, for the remaining two… Xu Qing, you have authority, and Erniu, you're a divine sinner. Can you two do it?"

The heir's tone echoed in everyone's ears.

Li Xiaoshan's entire body was badly mangled. Amidst his sorry state, he laughed loudly with determination in his eyes.

Divine Sparrow nodded while fighting in the battlefield.

Xu Qing and the captain exchanged glances, and as the battle intent surged, the formation on the side of the heir erupted at that moment. The auras of each person diffused, creating a vortex.

From afar, the heir and his siblings stood in the pentagram, their bodies in a quadrilateral formation. Various phenomena rose in front, back, left, and right.

The phenomenon that appeared on the fifth princess' body was a huge flower basket. Petals were dancing, forming a soft light.

Old Eighth's phenomena was a strange face formed by the convergence of seven emotions and six desires. His expression constantly changed, alternating between all emotions and desires in an instant.

As for the heir, the phantom of Ruler Li Zihua appeared. His aura was majestic, as though it could suppress everything.

Old Ninth's phenomena was a sharp blade that could destroy the world, and it was the manifestation of the God Slaying Platform he had comprehended!

After these four phenomena appeared, they fused together and overlapped to form one great world after another.

At the center of these worlds was Princess Mingmei.

She stood there. Surrounded by the River of Time, her figure was reflected in every large world.

It was as though countless of her had appeared.

They all gazed at the Crimson Goddess' mortal skin.

At that moment, the ocean of blood in the Crimson Goddess' mortal skin once again erupted, and the Divine Son's figure took more steps forward. The color of the world became even more crimson, and the blood of all the cultivators present was also affected.

Regardless of whether it was Red Moon or the Moon Rebel, they felt an increasing loss of control over their blood and cultivation bases.

It wanted to break through their bodies and rush out.

There were even some whose cultivation levels were weak. Their bodies exploded and a large amount of blood gushed out, heading straight for the Divine Son.

Among them were Red Moon cultivators as well.

This scene instantly caused the expressions of the surrounding Red Moon cultivators to change and they didn't dare to approach.

Clearly, the Divine Son no longer cared about the faction. What he cared about was becoming a god.

Hence, even though the Red Moon cultivators retreated, the connection from the same source still caused the bodies of many Red Moon cultivators to continue collapsing and blood gushed out in large amounts.

As the blood fused, the dense god's aura rose even more from the Divine Son's body, affecting the sky and land.

In an instant, the sky distorted, the void became blurry, and the ground churned.

His aura didn't stop.

The Divine Son's cold gaze swept across the surroundings and finally landed on the ritual of the heir and the others.

"Father's path is wrong. In this world, becoming a god is the only way out."

"As for me, I was born after he attained godhood and before he destroyed his divine fire. Hence, I'm different from you guys."

"Your existence serves as a part of my path to godhood, while my purpose is to walk the path my father didn't complete back then."

"This is also the reason why I chose Crimson Goddess. She is my future Dao companion."

The Divine Son calmly spoke. After He finished speaking, He lifted His left hand and grabbed at the mortal skin behind Him.

The mortal skin shook and flew out, heading straight for the Divine Son. After enveloping Him, it transformed into a blood-colored armor that covered His entire body. After that, He took a step toward the heir and the others.

The instant His stride landed, the captain's eyes revealed an intense light. He quickly waved his hand and the sky instantly darkened. The ring of nine suns that he had used earlier descended again at this moment, forming a remission that rumbled and enveloped the Divine Son.

"Junior Brother!"

Almost at the same time the captain spoke, Xu Qing acted. He controlled the Moon Rebel Mirror to rotate slightly.

He knew that the captain rarely did things without rhyme or reason. Since he chose to use the nine suns augmentation at this time and asked him to help, there must be a reason.

Very soon, as the mirror rotated, it shone brightly, illuminating the Divine Son.

In an instant, the Moon Rebel Mirror trembled and the nine suns ring rotated rapidly.

However, the Divine Son ignored all of this. To Him, Xu Qing and the others were just ants. Right now, on the battlefield, only the heir and the others were worthy of His attention.

Hence, His footsteps didn't stop at all. The moment His feet landed, the Moon Rebel Mirror rumbled and cracks manifested on the nine suns ring.

At this moment, in the ritual formed by the heir and the other three, Princess Mingmei, whose images were in the multiple great worlds, simultaneously closed her eyes.

The moment her eyes closed, her tone echoed from the void, the past, and all directions.

"Element earth, burying thoughts, hiding the Dao, pacifying the land of time!"

"Element wood, nurturing the present, harboring the ancient, stabilizing the gate of years!"

"Element water, flowing through the years, grasping the path of life and death!"

"Element fire, burning memories, breaking the lock of the Heavenly Dao!"

"And I, representing metal, bury, nurture, flow, burn, pacify, stabilize, grasp, break!"

Following Princess Mingmei's incantation, the universe reversed. The sky dimmed and everything became blurry.

A surging rainbow river emerged from the void, flowing against the current, submerging everything.

Even the Divine Son who was walking over found it difficult to break through and was enveloped by the long river.

The power of time circulated unprecedentedly here.

From afar, the area surrounding the island seemed to have been erased and fused into the ancient times. Finally, it transformed into an ancient gate on the River of Time that slowly opened.

[1] Princess Mingmei doesn't take him as a god, so she uses 'he' and not 'He'.































































All the living beings here were drowned by this river of time.

If one possessed the eyes of a god and looked down from high above, they would see the island, the statue of the ruler, and countless cultivators swirling within the river of time in this region.

They were all soaked and were motionless.

Everyone's time was fixed at the moment before, existing in a state neither alive nor dead, encapsulated in the essence of time.

However, among these cultivators, there were nine missing!

The heir and his four other siblings weren't around. Li Xiaoshan, Divine Sparrow, Chen Erniu, and Xu Qing were also nowhere to be seen.

The instant the gate of time opened, they were sent into different points in the past of the Red Moon Divine Son by Princess Mingmei's taboo art, dispersed across various nodes of time.

In order to ensure that they could destroy all the nodes, the time everyone was sent to was arranged according to their cultivation levels. For example, the time the captain was sent to was when the Divine Son broke through to the Golden Core realm and stepped into the Nascent Soul realm.

As for Li Xiaoshan, it was the instant the Divine Son broke through the Spirit Repository and stepped into Nihility.

As for Divine Sparrow, it was the instant the Divine Son broke through the major realm and stepped into the Soul Accumulation realm.

It was the same for Xu Qing. The node he was arranged at was the moment the Divine Son broke through the Nascent Soul realm and stepped into the Spirit Repository.

Only by killing the Divine Sons at these nodes could the ritual be completely thwarted, causing the divine fire to extinguish.

The reason why the Divine Son at every node was at the early stage of a major realm was because of the need for his god-ascension ritual. What he needed was the power of time produced at the moment all his siblings broke through a major realm.

The time power of these breakthroughs was the first step of his god-ascension ritual. The second step was a continuous breakthrough from weak to strong after he fused these times.



Just like a snowball rolling downhill, his aura would erupt all the way from Qi Condensation, gathering an invincible momentum. At the last moment, this power from his siblings would gather in his breakthrough times, replacing the final step of the godhood ritual.

He could then become a god!

This method was different from the Crimson Goddess' god-ascension ritual but it was similarly profound and no ordinary person could do it.

However, it was a pity that the appearance of the heir and the others disrupted the godhood ritual that was supposed to be inevitable.

At that moment, the world rumbled and the long river surged. Within the waves, scenes of ancient scenes could be seen, with the figures of the heir and the others, as well as the captain.

In one of the waves, Xu Qing, who had disappeared from the long river, was revealed.

The instant he appeared, he circulated all his cultivation base. He was vigilant, and his eyes gleamed with sharpness as he gazed in all directions.

This was an unfamiliar world. The sky was clear with no clouds. The blue sky was like satin, giving off a refreshing feeling.

The blowing wind carried the sweet fragrance of grass and trees, and there was a lightness to it. Falling upon the body, it felt gentle, as if it could seep into the heart.

The earth was covered in lush greenery, with abundant vegetation and a rich spiritual energy permeating the surroundings.

Far in the distance, misty clouds of spiritual energy covered some areas, creating a scene reminiscent of an immortal land. Numerous spiritual beasts ran through the mountains, while celestial birds soared in the sky, producing melodious calls.

It was like the melody of nature.

There was also a long river on the ground. The river was clear and the fish were fat. The entire world was like a peach garden. It was a place Xu Qing had never seen before in his life.

The world he was in was filled with anomalous substances and the gods resided there. The spirit energy was mixed like poison and all living beings were miserable.

This place was completely different.

Xu Qing lifted his head and looked at the sky.

"God's fragmented-face…"

In the sky, a colossus that existed eternally in his memories didn't exist in this world!

The god's fragmented-face hadn't arrived yet.

"At this point in time, Wanggu Continent hasn't experienced the calamity. The Ancient Sovereign Mystic Nether still rules the world, and the human race is the supreme race."

Xu Qing mumbled while walking forward. He wanted to find the Divine Son who had broken through in the vicinity.

 As he advanced, celestial birds fluttered past him, only to return and circle around Xu Qing, expressing a sense of intimacy.

It was the same for the spirit beasts on the ground. After seeing Xu Qing, they let out gentle cries, as though they were worshiping him.

What they were worshiping was the human race.

Xu Qing's heart stirred at this scene. He thought of the lowly status of the human race outside.

At this time, everything was different. The green mountains and rivers here, the spirit beasts and celestial birds, all exuded tranquility.

Xu Qing looked in all directions. He really wanted to explore this world that hadn't experienced the calamity.

However, he understood that the most important thing now was to kill the Divine Son.

Hence, Xu Qing took a deep breath and sped forward.

Without the iron ball on him, Xu Qing's speed became astonishing. He left afterimages behind as he disappeared from the spot.

He spread out his divine consciousness and searched with all his might. The shadow spread out and searched as well.

After about fifteen minutes, Xu Qing, who had transformed into a rainbow in the sky, paused and abruptly turned his head to look to the east.

"There!"

There was an energy fluctuation of Spirit Repository from where his gaze landed.

Xu Qing immediately headed straight for the east. Very soon, he crossed 500 kilometers and a huge basin was reflected in his eyes.

The basin covered a radius of 50 kilometers, as though it had once been smashed out by a huge stone from the sky, and had vertical marks around its perimeter. At the center of the basin was a colossal black rhinoceros.

This rhinoceros was extremely huge and possessed the aura to devour mountains and rivers. Its entire body emitted terrifying fluctuations and it was currently roaring at the sky.

The sound was so deafening that there were ripples in the air.

There was also an auspicious light that descended from the sky, enveloping the rhinoceros' entire body and bestowing it with armor.

One could vaguely see a secret repository in the rhinoceros' body.

The instant Xu Qing arrived, the rhinoceros immediately sensed him. It abruptly turned its head and two lumps of fog spurted out of its nose as it coldly looked over.

Xu Qing's figure paused and his gaze met the rhinoceros'.

In his eyes, this rhinoceros was an illusion. In the depths of it sat a youth in black robes.

He had a handsome appearance and a cold expression. His entire body emitted a sense of danger and the River of Time surrounded him.

That long river didn't belong to him but Princess Mingmei's taboo art.

"Ant."

The black-robed youth calmly spoke. He then lifted his right hand and pointed at Xu Qing.

Under this finger, the black rhinoceros outside his body roared again. Its body swelled up and grew larger and larger.

Finally, it reached 100,000 feet and separated from the youth's body. It then shot toward Xu Qing like a black meteor.

As it moved forward, the world trembled. Waves of terrifying aura erupted from the rhinoceros' body. Its aura was like a rainbow, as though it possessed the power to destroy everything.

That was an emperor-level cultivation art!

The weight of its might surpassed everything Xu Qing had seen before.

Xu Qing's eyes gleamed. He had just broken through the Nascent Soul realm and stepped into the Spirit Repository. If he faced other Spirit Repository cultivators, he would be confident. However, this person in front of him was the son of the ruler.

Even though the other party's cultivation was the same as his, Xu Qing wasn't negligent at all. Instead, he revealed a strong fighting spirit in his eyes, without any intention of backing down.

He wanted to know the true extent of the foundations he had built through his cultivation compared to the opponent, to determine who was stronger and who was weaker!

At that moment, the battle intent in his heart erupted. Xu Qing lifted his right hand and performed a series of hand seals. Immediately, the Golden Crow crow totem on his body burned, and the Golden Crow rose from Xu Qing's body.

A thousand tails spread in all directions, the black body exuded astonishing power, and flames instantly ignited, spreading into a sea of fire. It roared fiercely toward the charging rhinoceros.

The sea of fire came into contact with the rhinoceros instantly.

The sea of fire rumbled and rolled in all directions. The black rhinoceros' aura was astonishing and actually broke through everything, crashing into the Golden Crow. However, what awaited it was a thousand tails that formed blades. It was the Golden Crow absorbing with the method of refining all things.

In an instant, the black rhinoceros' entire body trembled. The fourth son of the ruler, who was sitting cross-legged in the basin, frowned slightly and let out a chilly snort.

"Howling Moon!"

As soon as he finished speaking, the black rhinoceros' entire body released a pitch-black light that transformed into a black hole in the surroundings. It roared at the sky and shook off the Golden Crow.

The sky trembled and a white moon actually formed in the sky. It was connected to the unknown and seemed to have the power to destroy everything. The Golden Crow had no choice but to retreat.

This was the source of the ruler's fourth son's emperor-level cultivation art, the Heavenly Rhino Howling Moon.

Generally speaking, it was rare for someone to be able to display an emperor-level cultivation art to this extent, especially since his current realm was only at the Spirit Repository.

However, Xu Qing was calm. He performed a series of hand seals and pointed. Immediately, the retreating Golden Crow's entire body withered and its flesh and blood dissipated, revealing a black spear.

As soon as this spear appeared, the color of the world changed. Rumbling thunder echoed in this area like the roar of the Heavenly Dao, as though it wouldn't allow this spear to descend into the world.

However, it still descended.

Xu Qing similarly had comprehended the origin of an emperor-level cultivation art.

The expression of the fourth son of the ruler instantly twisted solemn. The black spear instantly landed on the rhinoceros with the might to destroy the world.

Even though the white moon descended to block it, it was still useless. At the next instant, with a deafening boom and as the ring-shaped impact spread violently, the white moon shattered into pieces. The spear pierced through everything and ruthlessly stabbed into the heavenly rhinoceros' body.

It landed between its brows and penetrated its entire body, landing on the ground.

The heavenly rhinoceros wailed and the ground rumbled. The battle intent in Xu Qing's eyes was high as he strode toward the fourth son of the ruler. At the same time, the expression of the fourth son of the ruler displayed coldness.

"Interesting."

As his voice echoed, Xu Qing heard the voice of the Diamond Sect's ancestor in his mind.

"Master, according to this old man's many years of reading ancient texts, anyone who speaks in such a posture is clearly a great villain. They're destined to fail. We're definitely going to win. All the best, Master!"

The ancestor felt helpless. He felt that if he didn't make his presence known, he would become cannon fodder soon, so he racked his brains and emphasized his importance.

Xu Qing didn't bother with him. He shifted closer and blasted toward the basin at an amazing speed.

The fourth son of the ruler was also extremely fast. He instantly stood up and rose into the air. After dodging Xu Qing, his right hand pressed toward the sky, as though he was grabbing at something and ruthlessly pulled it down.

Immediately, a gap opened in the sky and endless black fog seeped out. In the center of the fog was a black rattle drum.

On one side of the drum, there was an image of an evil spirit, and on the other side, an image of the wailing of myriad races.

It slowly descended and was grabbed by the fourth son of the ruler. It released an ink-like aura that corroded everything.

Even the spirit qi here was affected and felt distorted.

As he shifted it slightly, the sound of the drum rang out in all directions.

Wherever the sound spread, everything withered.

That was the poison curse art.

"Interesting."

Xu Qing glanced at the drum. His eyes were pitch-black as he calmly spoke.

The Diamond Sect's ancestor took a deep breath and wanted to remind him. However, after some thought, he hurriedly changed his words.

"This statement, coming from Master, is obviously different, with a distinct aura. This means we are going to win!"































































The sound of the rattle drum contained poison that filled the air, invading all things.

One could see irregular rings appearing in the void as though it had been corroded.

The wind howled, transforming the poison into black fog that spread in all directions.

The fourth prince stood in this poison mist and coldly looked at Xu Qing. The rattle-drum in his hand continued to shake and the fog churned violently like angry waves. There were also malevolent beast shadows that manifested and let out roars.

Among these beast shadows, some had bodies that were like bottles but were covered in eyes, some with ethereal and elusive hair-like forms, others resembling dragon-turtles with all-over spikes. There were also humanoid figures with flowers blooming at their brows.

And so on and so forth.

Every one of them was a venomous beast. They were already rare in this era, let alone the era Xu Qing was from.

Almost all of them were extinct creatures.

The instant they manifested, the fog erupted again and the poison in it was enhanced multiple times. In the end, it became a mixed poison that could invade all Spirit Repository and rot the secret repository furnace.

It then surged toward Xu Qing.

Xu Qing's expression didn't change much after seeing this. In fact, he even became calmer about this battle.

This was because he discovered that the fourth prince in front of him didn't seem to be as unfathomable as he thought.

The other party was indeed a heaven's chosen but there was a limit to his strength.



He also possessed the origin of an emperor-level cultivation art. As for this poison path… Xu Qing shook his head slightly.

His eyes were pitch-black as the Poison Restriction in his body fused into his eyes. He calmly glanced at the fog.

With this single glance, the colors of the sky changed, and a turbulent wind swept across the land. The surroundings distorted and the approaching poison fog shockingly dissipated before his eyes.

In this world, it wasn't that there wasn't a poison that could frighten Xu Qing. However, it was obvious that this fourth prince didn't have it.

Xu Qing's Poison Restriction was intrinsically different from poison in the conventional sense. It was a manifestation of anomalous substances, an outbreak of divine curse, and targeted the essence of life.

Compared to it, although the sound wave poison produced by the rattle drum was also strange, it was still not enough in terms of level.

With a single glance, the poison fog dissipated!

The expression of the fourth prince changed for the first time. His hand that was shaking the rattle-drum couldn't help but pause.

At the same time, Xu Qing's gaze penetrated the rapidly thinning poison fog and looked at the fourth prince.

With this glance, all the hairs on the fourth prince's body stood on end and the feeling of life-and-death crisis erupted in his mind. He wasn't ordinary either. Without any hesitation, he retreated and threw out the rattle drum in his hand. He then performed a series of hand seals and pointed.

Immediately, the rattle-drum that could be considered a precious treasure in the outside world shattered and exploded, forming an even denser poison and an even more heart-rending sound. Accompanied by the violent might contained in it, it exploded toward Xu Qing and obstructed him.

It was indeed effective.

Xu Qing could neutralize the poison of this drum but the energy formed by the self-destruction of this treasure ultimately caused him to stop in his tracks.

Using this time, the fourth prince had already retreated 10,000 feet away. When he appeared, his expression was gloomy and solemn. He had to admit that not only were the methods of the person in front of him similar to his but also stronger than his.

Killing intent flashed in the fourth prince's eyes as he decided to stop playing around and end this battle. He raised his right hand, performed a series of hand seals, and pointed toward his brows, with the fingertip suspended three inches above, not making contact.

"Bloodline, Underworld Curse!"

Following his incantation, numerous black lines resembling veins instantly appeared on his skin. Upon closer inspection, these lines were densely and varied in thickness, representing the blood vessels throughout his body.

At that moment, they swelled up and were moving on their own on his body. The black blood vessels on his face even formed a sinister ghost face.

As the fourth prince's finger landed and touched the ghost face, the ghost face instantly lit up like a lantern.

From afar, it really looked like a lantern!

This lantern fused with the fourth prince's face, looking extremely strange. The moment they fused, his aura became much more powerful than before.

When Xu Qing saw this, uneasiness rose in his heart. He used the poison gaze again while heading straight for the other party.

 The fourth prince narrowed his eyes and retreated rapidly. As he performed a series of hand seals with his left hand, the rhinoceros manifested outside his body again, blocking the poison from reaching him. At the same time, with a wave of his hand, strands of hair appeared out of thin air and coiled around Xu Qing.

Xu Qing's gaze was cold, and he accelerated, moving much faster than before. Leaving afterimages in his wake, he disregarded everything as he charged toward the fourth prince.

This speed wasn't something the Spirit Repository could possess. It was achieved by Xu Qing after being trained by the heir for a long time.

The expression of the fourth prince changed again. He suddenly opened his mouth and spat out a white light at Xu Qing.

As the white light formed countless compartments that enveloped him, he hid his figure within them. The compartments rapidly overlapped and enveloped him layer by layer.

At the next instant, Xu Qing got close. The secret repository behind him manifested and a punch landed.

Everything shook, and thunder rumbled in the sky. Those compartments quickly collapsed and shattered into pieces that scattered in all directions.

However, this technique was profound. The figure of the fourth prince actually appeared in these hundreds of scattered compartments at the same time, and it was difficult to tell which was real.

Xu Qing's expression was gloomy. The shadow under his feet quickly spread out and heavenly demon bodies manifested in the surroundings, rapidly invading all the compartments and searching for the fourth prince's true body.

At the same time, the fourth prince in these compartments lifted his finger and placed it on his shoulder.

At the next moment, black blood vessels rapidly gathered on his shoulder and the second lantern was lit.

Next was his other shoulder, then his dantian, then his legs. In the end, they gathered on his heart.

All the hand seals were completed in an instant.

The seven underworld fire lanterns burned in the body of the fourth prince.

Every time he lit one, his aura would soar slightly.

With all of them lit, his body emitted terrifying energy.

Xu Qing's heavenly demon bodies and the shadow also spread to all the compartments at this moment, touching the true hiding place of the fourth prince.

Amidst the rumbling, the compartment exploded. The fourth prince stepped out and pointed down with the aura formed by his entire body burning.

The sky exploded and the void collapsed. The heavenly demon bodies that came into contact with the fourth prince were instantly torn apart.

"I underestimated you. Regardless of whether it's in your era, my time, or this realm, you… can be considered a peerless talent."

The fourth prince calmly spoke. He waved his right hand and the seven lights on his body swayed.

When Xu Qing saw this, an intense sense of danger rose in his heart. He couldn't help but stop in his tracks as a hint of solemnity manifested in his eyes.

He had never heard of this technique before. This wasn't a divine ability from his era but a taboo art that belonged to this era and arrived from the ruler, Li Zihua.

Among Li Zihua's children, only his fourth prince cultivated it successfully due to special reasons.

This taboo art was called… the Seven Lanterns Underworld Fire Curse!

The reason why it was called a taboo was because not only did this spell increase the user's strength greatly, but its greatest use was the curse!

This was a curse that would definitely kill!

Once the lanterns dimmed, the target would die!

The killing intent in the fourth prince's eyes was intense and he was about to continue speaking.

Xu Qing didn't understand this technique but he didn't like to waste his breath and didn't believe that the other party would say anything useful. At that moment, he sped over, wanting to force the fourth prince to use this trump card as soon as possible.

Seeing this, the fourth prince sneered. Following his will, Xu Qing's figure was reflected in the seven lanterns on his body.

It was as though Xu Qing's spirit was captured by them.

As Xu Qing got closer, one of the seven lanterns on the fourth prince's body instantly dimmed.

When this lantern was extinguished, Xu Qing's internal organs felt intense pain. He spat out a mouthful of blood and his body aged. His clothes were covered in dirt and the fire of his life dimmed. As his expression changed, the fourth prince extinguished the second lantern.

Traces of cracks manifested on Xu Qing's body and a large amount of blood flowed out. His hair fell off, his cultivation level decreased sharply, and a feeling of certain death surfaced in Xu Qing's heart.

After that, the third lantern, fourth lantern, fifth lantern… In the blink of an eye, six of the seven lanterns were extinguished.

Xu Qing fell from the sky. When he landed on the ground, his entire body was covered in sweat. Moreover, this sweat contained intense corrosion, melting half of his body.

The indescribable intense pain caused Xu Qing's expression to turn gloomy. The intent of death permeated his entire body, accompanied by an extremely strong stench.

His mind also rose uncontrollably with confusion, anxiety, fear, and various other unpleasant emotions.

The fourth prince looked down from above and serenely spoke.

"Although you have peerless talent, ants are still ants in the end."

With that, he extinguished the last lantern in his body.

As the lights disappeared, the aura on Xu Qing's body suddenly extinguished.

"It's finished."

The fourth prince turned around and was about to leave. However, at the next instant, his expression suddenly changed. He abruptly turned his head and looked at the place where Xu Qing's corpse was. What he witnessed was five life lanterns manifesting there.

The life lanterns were like a sundial and the gnomon needles were pointing in the same direction. At this moment, the needles shifted anti-clockwise, instantly reversing the time on Xu Qing's body.

In the blink of an eye, Xu Qing's body rose into the air. All the death curses on his body directly dissipated and his melted body instantly recovered. When he arrived at the place he had been in the air, he was completely unscathed!

It was his life lantern Sundial's divine ability!

"You!" Witnessing this scene with his own eyes, the pupils of the fourth prince contracted and great waves stirred in his heart.

"You have a ruler's bloodline?"

Xu Qing took a deep breath and stared at the enemy in front of him. At that moment earlier, he had experienced death. If it wasn't for the fact that he had used the Sundials' divine ability at the last moment, he would have died.

The process of his death allowed him to have a more detailed understanding of this seven lanterns spell.

"This spell is very good, very good…"

Xu Qing licked his lips and articulated softly.

As he spoke, morning glow erupted from his body. Rainbow light dispersed out and enveloped the surroundings. At the same time, this light was speedily changing. There seemed to be seven dark fire lanterns vaguely forming inside.

He was simulating!

With the morning glow's ability to imitate all techniques and spells, he was simulating the Seven Lanterns Underworld Fire Curse!































































The effect of the morning glow had already displayed its powers when Xu Qing was at the Nascent Soul realm. It could destroy all techniques!

After that, under the guidance of the heir and Princess Mingmei, Xu Qing further comprehended the ability to imitate myriad techniques. It was only when he broke through the Nascent Soul realm and stepped into the Spirit Repository, forming his first secret repository, that the morning glow gave rise to myriad landscapes and rivers in the repository.

Right now, its simulation power had already reached a rather extraordinary level. As it shone around Xu Qing, seven dark fire lanterns actually formed one after another.

There was also a ghost face that was burning!

Although they still looked a little blurry and there was a difference between them and the ones displayed by the fourth prince, the appearance of each one also brought a certain level of enhancement to Xu Qing.

His aura continued to rise amidst the rumbling. After seven consecutive times, his entire person gathered an earth-shattering momentum. He stood between heaven and earth and closed his eyes like a god.

Multicolored light flickered behind him and seven underworld fire lanterns circled around him.

Coupled with his handsome face and elegant long hair, he seemed to be the true son of the ruler when compared to the fourth prince.

That aura that could destroy anything caused the sky to change color and the wind to howl.

After all seven dark fire lanterns appeared, Xu Qing opened his eyes and coldly looked at the fourth prince.

The Poison Restriction was the first to erupt.

The anomalous substances arose, the poison Dao spread, and the divine curse descended.

And this was only the catalyst. It was to perfect the might of the Seven Lanterns Underworld Fire Curse.

Immediately after, the seven lanterns swayed and the figure of the fourth prince appeared in them!



This scene fell into the eyes of the fourth prince. He couldn't help but feel great waves churning in his heart. His eyes were filled with disbelief and it was as though thunder was rumbling in his mind.

He couldn't help but be shocked.

His spell was actually instantly simulated by the other party. He had never seen such a divine power and such comprehension.

However, at this moment, he didn't have time to think too much. He performed a series of hand seals with both hands and compartments appeared around him. As he used all his strength to block, he retreated rapidly.

However, it was still too late.

Killing intent flashed in Xu Qing's eyes. Three of the seven lights simulated by the morning glow in his surroundings were instantly extinguished.

The fourth prince trembled and the compartments outside his body shattered, revealing his true body. His hair withered and his body trembled as he spat out blood.

Xu Qing didn't hesitate and extinguished the remaining four underworld fire lanterns.

A mournful cry rang out from the fourth prince. He spat out seven to eight mouthfuls of blood in a row and as his body staggered, all his aura disappeared. His luxurious clothes were covered in filth as he was suppressed to the ground like ants.

However, he didn't die!

After all, this was a taboo art of the ruler. It was difficult for Xu Qing's morning glow to completely simulate it. Right now, he could only display 30% of it.

However, even if it was 30% and didn't have the curse of certain death, when combined with Xu Qing's poison as a catalyst, its lethality was still terrifying.

Not only was the fourth prince's body and soul heavily injured by the lanterns dimming, but the power of the Poison Restriction also spread in his body, corroding his flesh and organs and shattering his spirit, causing the black gas in his entire body to spread.

Xu Qing's killing move wasn't over yet. Taking advantage of the other party's weakness, coldness rose in Xu Qing's eyes. He lifted his right hand and waved it. Immediately, the mosasaur roared and rose into the air, forming a white light that transformed into a heavenly blade.

Xu Qing controlled this heavenly blade with his divine sense and slashed toward the fourth prince.

This blade contained the Dao. The moment it landed, the sky split open and the ground separated.

The expression of the fourth prince rapidly changed. Xu Qing's attacks were extremely rapid, not giving him the slightest chance to catch his breath. A sense of fatal danger instantly rose in his mind.

At this critical moment, the fourth prince wore a ferocious expression. He raised his right hand and violently slashed across his forehead, opening five bloody wounds on his face.

Blood flowed, but not excessively. Through the wounds on his face, one could see the flesh and blood inside squirming, emitting a crimson glow.

In this era, the fragmented-face of the god hadn't arrived yet, and even Crimson Goddess hadn't become a god. However, at this moment, the light seeping out from the wounds on the fourth prince's face clearly contained the aura of a god.

That was the power of the Red Moon's authority. At that moment, it erupted with a rumbling sound, forming a bloody light. When it dyed all the surroundings red, a sea of blood appeared out of thin air.

 "Die!"

The fourth prince roared ferociously, waving his hand, and immediately, the sea of blood surged, revealing countless heads with only their eyes visible.

They were immersed in the blood sea, and the area below their noses couldn't be seen clearly. Their eyes that were open gave off a terrifying feeling, especially since there were too many of them.

At the next instant, they all looked at Xu Qing.

The Red Moon's curse instantly rose.

The heavenly blade trembled and transformed into a blood blade. When it came into contact with the sea of blood and the countless gazes, the sound of collision rang out in the air. The morning glow behind Xu Qing was also dyed by the blood light at this moment. The rainbow light became a unique color in this crimson world!

If it was any other Spirit Repository, they definitely wouldn't be able to resist this move. After all, that was the power of authority. However, to Xu Qing, he looked at the fourth prince who was in the blood light and an extremely strange feeling rose in his heart.

"Whatever he can do, I can do…"

After this thought flashed through Xu Qing's mind, he took a step forward. With this step, a large amount of blood flowed out of his body and gathered in the surroundings, under his feet.

More and more waves appeared in the blink of an eye, forming a sea of blood like the fourth prince. It swept through the void and ruthlessly collided with the sea of blood.

A deafening rumbling sound rang out.

From afar, two seas of blood that came from the same source collided with each other. Waves rumbled as they resisted each other's authority and curses. There was even a hint of merging.

On the sea of blood, Xu Qing stood tall like a sail in his green robe.

Not far away, although the fourth prince also stood on the blood sea, his expression rapidly changed and his eyes revealed gloom.

His Red Moon's authority couldn't be displayed anymore.

However, his killing intent didn't decrease. At this moment, he lifted his right hand and pointed at the sky.

"Heaven as the blade!"

As soon as he finished speaking, the sky trembled and countless cracks appeared. A large area fell, forming a long blade.

The momentum was astonishing.

"Earth as the platform!"

The ground trembled and soil rose and fell from all directions, forming a huge executioner's platform.

It was majestic.

"The sun and moon are the connection!"

The sun, moon, and stars appeared in the world, connecting the heavenly blade and the platform, causing… the God Slaying Platform to appear!

The divine ability of Ruler Li Zihua wasn't just comprehended by Old Ninth but also this fourth prince. He had actually mastered this divine ability at some point in time.

At that moment, his entire body was filled with an astonishing baleful aura. As he let out a deep shout, the God Slaying Blade suddenly descended.

Xu Qing lifted his head and stared at the God Slaying Blade. At the same time, a Time Bottle appeared in front of him.

This bottle was opened and released time.

The Ghost Emperor Mountain instantly descended forming the platform, and D132's fortune turned into a blade groove!

The Heavenly Dao mosasaur roared and transformed into a blade. The Divine Curse Poison Restriction gathered into the edges of the blade and the morning glow emitted bright light that covered the blade!

The Golden Crow danced in the air and formed a connection, the Purple Moon formed a seal, and the Sundial life lanterns controlled. Xu Qing's God Slaying Platform also appeared between heaven and earth.

The two huge God Slaying Platforms slashed at each other.

Boom!

The power of the slash coiled through the sky and earth, shattering everything in the surroundings!

An ear-piercing cracking sound rang out soon after as the fourth prince's blade was slashed apart, turning into two pieces that were sent flying.

As for Xu Qing's God Slaying Platform, it also quivered intensely and rapidly dissipated. However, it ultimately remained intact. Xu Qing took a few steps back and his face flushed red. Blood flowed out of the corner of his mouth but he quickly recovered.

Xu Qing won in the collision of the divine abilities!

The fourth prince's countenance was pale and he spat out a large mouthful of blood. He stared fixedly at Xu Qing as waves of emotions churned in his heart.

"Whatever I can do, he can do…"

At that moment, the same thoughts as Xu Qing's surfaced in his mind.

"Then, what about the secret repository!"

The eyes of the fourth prince rose with battle intent again. As he performed a series of hand seals, a huge secret repository directly fell and landed on the blood sea.

This secret repository also seemed like a world, but there was no sky. Instead, it was a land that was like the nine levels of hell.

The ground seemed to have been soaked in blood, so the soil was a vivid red. The more central the location, the more vibrant the red, with the color gradually fading towards the periphery. Meanwhile, a white fire raged at the outer edges.

Countless figures were buried in the blood-red earth and engulfed in the white sea of flames, emitting agonizing and mournful cries.

The wailing sounds seemed to be pleasing to a certain presence.

The entire secret repository exuded a sinister aura, like hell. After it appeared, it enveloped Xu Qing, wanting to suppress him.

As the hellish secret repository approached, Xu Qing remained expressionless. With a wave of his right hand, a deafening roar echoed around him, revealing his secret repository.

Inside, the Golden Crow was the sun and the Purple Moon was the moon.

The Poison Restriction morphed into clouds in the sky and the Ghost Emperor Mountain into the ground. Time was like water and the Heavenly Dao transformed into rules.

The morning glow transformed into all things, D132 amplified all beings. Sundials noted the flow of time, as day and night alternated, and the winds and clouds transformed.

The instant it appeared, it instantly overlapped with the secret repository of the fourth prince. They started a battle between rules and laws, trying to replace each other.

The two overlapping secret repositories quivered violently, each affecting the other.

The sun, moon, and stars emerged inside, and the wind, rain, and lightning changed. There were also the roars of the Heavenly Dao from both sides that continuously rang out.

This kind of battle where secret repositories overlapped was extremely dangerous. Once one failed, it would be a matter of life or death. This was also the final moment of the battle between the two sides.

However, Xu Qing's foundation over the years ultimately occupied the advantage. Gradually, the sky in his secret repository replaced the sky of the fourth prince's secret repository.

As for the blood soil of the fourth prince, it also attempted to envelop the ground of Xu Qing's secret repository.

However, it was a little too slow.

Under the collision of the rules, the secret repository of the fourth prince displayed signs of collapsing. The roar of the Heavenly Dao within it contained reluctance and was being affected. Its hell was now exposed to the light of Xu Qing's sun and moon.

Wherever the light passed, everything would be assimilated and devoured…

The ground of the fourth prince's secret repository instantly collapsed.

However, it was also at the moment they fused and devoured each other that Xu Qing's perception truly saw the appearance of the ground of the fourth prince's secret repository!

The land of this secret repository was extraordinary.

The redness in the center was like a pupil, and the surrounding white flames were like the whites of the eye.

This land… was actually a huge eye.

The moment Xu Qing saw this eye clearly, he immediately experienced a sense of familiarity.

"That's… the eye of Crimson Goddess?!"































































In Xu Qing's memory, the statue of Crimson Goddess had hands covering Her eyes, and blood flowed like a river.

Even the main body that had appeared in the Immortal Forbidden didn't have eyes.

Today, in the secret repository of the fourth prince, Xu Qing sensed the dense aura of Crimson Goddess from th4e huge eye, and felt huge waves in his heart.

He thought of the nursery rhyme which said that the fourth doll was lost and what the heir had said about his fourth brother becoming the Divine Son of Crimson Goddess. He even recalled the first sentence Li Zihua had said when he saw Crimson Goddess in the ancient scene on the God Slaying Platform.

"Your song was very unpleasant and disturbed my fourth son's dream."

Everything seemed to have received some historical confirmation.

Perhaps the song of Crimson Goddess back then not only disturbed the fourth prince's dream, but it also buried an eye in that dream.

Perhaps it was also this eye that allowed Crimson Goddess, who hadn't become a god, to have a chance of reviving after being killed.

Perhaps Li Zihua also knew about this, but for some reason, he didn't tell anyone or stop her…

Perhaps this was the reason why the fourth prince, who was born after Li Zihua became a god and before he extinguished his divine fire, finally became the Divine Son.

Moon Worship Region raised Crimson Goddess' food, and served as Her spirit enclosure.

Similarly, the fourth prince nurtured one of Her eyes, and was also a spirit enclosure for Crimson Goddess..

Although he didn't know if his guesses were true or false, they all seemed to be reasonable from a logical point of view. This view caused Xu Qing to be even more shocked.

This lasted until the world of this secret repository blurred, collapsed, and dissipated in his perception…

His secret repository completely suppressed the heaven that ruled over the fourth prince's secret repository and destroyed everything. Everything was swept away by the river of time that moved over from the outside world.



In the end, the eye of Crimson Goddess didn't erupt with any resistance. Xu Qing wasn't surprised by this because Crimson Goddess hadn't become a god yet at this point in time.

She was more like a projection, an immature cause and effect.

"I believe that in the body of the Divine Son in the outside world, that eye… has already matured. The others should have sensed it too."

In the river of time, Xu Qing mumbled. His body was drowned by the waves that swept over and disappeared into the river of time. Under the lead of this large river, he gradually left.

This lasted until he left this period of time and appeared on an island that belonged to his era in the outside world.

The moment his figure was revealed, thunder rumbled in the sky and a familiar teasing voice rang out from behind him.

"Little Qing, you are a little slow."

Xu Qing turned his head and looked at the captain who was sitting on the waves of time and playing with the nine artificial suns that had shrunk to the size of pearls. He had a spurious smile on his face.

"These old grandpas and grandmas seem to look down on me a little. The era they arranged for me is the moment when the fourth prince broke through the Golden Core and stepped into the Nascent Soul realm."

"I only had to lift a finger to kill that arrogant brat, and even unlocked a seal."

The captain was smug and the aura in his body erupted. A pitch-black secret repository was faintly discernible behind him.

Xu Qing wasn't surprised by the breakthrough in the captain's cultivation. In reality, when the two of them received the nourishment from the Moon Rebel Hall, Xu Qing could tell that the captain deliberately didn't increase his cultivation.

"Eldest Senior Brother, you already had the intention to go to the time when the fourth prince broke through to Nascent Soul, didn't you?"

Xu Qing suddenly spoke.

The captain smiled and was about to speak.

However, at that moment, waves surged in the surroundings and Divine Sparrow's figure walked out of the waves. When she reached the outside world, her body began to wither and dissipate at a speed visible to the naked eye.

"I have killed the fourth prince in the era I went to, and with this, my mission has also been completed. This clone… can't continue to exist."

"I'll leave the rest to you guys."

From the start to the end, this avatar of Divine Sparrow didn't show any emotions. Even now that it was dissipating, it was the same.

This was the price she had to pay for keeping this clone. It was also her obsession and mission.

 She was the previous Lord of the Moon Rebel Hall, but in the end, she was unable to lead the people of that era to freedom. That unwillingness and regret had shaped this clone.

Today, although her regrets were still there, she had done her best.

Hence, she was able to speak calmly. Finally, she looked at this world and sighed softly before closing her eyes.

As the wind blew, her body gradually blurred until she turned into ashes and disappeared from the world. Only that sigh still echoed.

Xu Qing silently bowed.

The captain stared at this scene and bowed without saying anything.

Very soon, the waves surged again and Grandma Five's figure walked out. She staggered and spat out a large mouthful of blood when she walked over, looking even older.

After noticing Xu Qing and the captain, her gaze displayed relief as she nodded slightly. After that, she immediately sat down cross-legged and waves of white light spread out from her body, merging into the long river.

She was sacrificing her life force to support her brothers and sister.

As the white specks of light fused into it, the river surged even more violently. As the waves rose and fell, Old Eighth appeared.

His lower body was gone. A large number of light spots gathered there, as though they were healing him.

At that moment, only his upper body crawled out of the river. He spat out a mouthful of thick phlegm and grinned.

"I didn't like Old Fourth in the past and wanted to beat him up long ago. This time, I'm satisfied!"

As he spoke, he waved his hand and the light spots that gathered on his lower body to repair his body were directly scattered by him, surging back toward the fifth princess.

"You only have so little lifespan. Don't waste it on me. I can recover by myself!"

The fifth princess glanced at Old Eighth but didn't refuse.

"Erniu, your eighth grandpa is like this, but why aren't you helping?" Old Eight's gaze swept over and landed on the captain.

The captain grinned and hurriedly ran over. He supported the eighth grandpa and praised.

"Eighth Grandpa is truly brave. I originally thought that I was the only one in the world who possessed such decisiveness and boldness. I didn't expect there to be a hero like Eighth Grandpa in this world!"

Old Eighth was proud and was about to say something when the River of Time rumbled. The figures of the heir and Princess Mingmei strode out one after another, and the last to appear was Old Ninth.

His appearance was astonishing. A sharp blade danced out of the river with golden blood on it.

The era he went to was when the Divine Son was at the strongest among the nine nodes of time.

"Slashed."

Old Ninth spoke without any expression.

When the heir and Princess Mingmei heard this, they heaved a sigh of relief. They had also succeeded.

Now, almost everyone had appeared, but there was still one person who hadn't come out.

Li Xiaoshan.

"He has fallen, but he succeeded."

Princess Mingmei stared at the long river. After she articulated softly, she lifted her right hand and waved it. Immediately, the river of time that spread through the world rapidly dissipated.

The statue of the ruler that was drowned gradually appeared.

A figure was kneeling on his head.

As the river continued to dissipate, the Red Moon cultivators and the Moon Rebel cultivators who were drowned on the ground gradually opened their eyes. They were at a loss at first, but then they were shocked. They abruptly looked at Xu Qing and the others in the sky as well as the figure on the ruler's statue.

That was the Divine Son's main body.

His sinister appearance and terrifying body were no different from before. Only his aura was unstable. At this moment, his body moved slightly and he opened his eyes.

There were golden flames burning in his eyes as he stared at the sky.

The heir and the others looked back at him.

Xu Qing and the captain took a few steps back. At this moment, this battle was already coming to an end. If what they did still couldn't stop the Divine Son from becoming a god, then everything that happened next would be meaningless.

After a long time, the Divine Son slowly stood up. His hoarse voice echoed through the world.

"In the eyes of others, our father is the ruler, the heaven that protects a region. He is loyal to the ancient sovereign and has pity for all living beings."

"However, in reality, he is a contradictory and cold person.

In the sky, the heir shook his head.

"That's because you don't understand our father."

The Divine Son fell silent. After a long time, he looked at the heir and spoke softly.

"Brother, the father in your eyes is different from the one in mine. The first time you saw him when you were born, he was the ruler. The first time I saw him when I was born… he was a god."

The heir wanted to say something but in the end, he remained silent. A cold glint flashed in Princess Mingmei's eyes as she spoke.

"That isn't a reason for you to betray and poison your blood relatives."

The Divine Son swiveled toward Princess Mingmei. He then looked at the fifth princess and Old Eighth before finally looking at Old Ninth.

"Third Sister, Fifth Sister, Eighth Brother, Ninth Brother…"

"I want to inquire you guys a question."

"Everyone is intoxicated, but you alone are awake. Or everyone is awake, and you alone are intoxicated. Which one… is more pitiful?"

There was no answer to this question.

The Divine Son laughed self-deprecatingly. Golden flames spread from his eyes, burning his face and flowing through his body. They burned fiercely and gradually shook the world.

The flames burned the ground and illuminated the sky.

The feeling of holiness was extremely intense at this moment.

It was… the divine fire.

However, the ignition of this fire didn't allow the Divine Son to complete the ritual. Instead, it backfired…

Amidst the spontaneous combustion, his gaze moved away from the heir and the others and looked at the captain with deep meaning.

The captain looked at him with a hint of madness on his face. He suddenly lifted his right hand and the nine artificial suns he was playing with instantly flew out and surrounded the Divine Son.

Strands of golden divine fire actually flew into the nine suns from the Divine Son's body.

This scene caused the expressions of the heir and the others to freeze. As for the nine artificial suns, under the integration of the divine fire, they underwent earth-shattering changes and swiveled golden.

"Little Qing, this is the reason why I immediately gathered the artificial suns after I came to the Moon Worship Region. After absorbing the divine fire, don't you think these nine suns look like the Sun of Dawn?!"

"The nine miniature versions of the Sun of Dawn are a huge gift for the Crimson Goddess. Blast that old hag to death!"

The captain's voice that contained madness echoed in all directions. Xu Qing wasn't surprised. At that moment, his attention wasn't on the nine suns but on the Divine Son.

This was because the Divine Son, whose entire body was burning and rapidly dissipating, glanced at Xu Qing.

"Everything became the source because of your appearance."

"There are too many similarities between us. Is this really a coincidence?"

"Could my past be your future…"

The Divine Son mumbled softly. His body was enveloped by the golden flames and gradually dissipated above the head of his father's statue.

The world trembled. A strong wind howled and clouds churned.

Far away, the Red Moon Star grew larger and larger in the horizon. The redness spreading out from its surroundings formed a blood light, forming the face of Crimson Goddess with Her eyes closed, enveloping the sky.

God was here.































































It started to rain.

This rain was like tears of blood, but its color wasn't red, it was golden.

Golden tears of blood fell from the sky and filled the entire Moon Worship Region.

However, it wasn't real.

The illusory rain seemed to have been tainted by the aura of the River of Time, so it seemed to be falling, but in reality, it might have landed in ancient times or in the future…

This was also caused by the specificity of the gods.

Few people in the Wanggu Continent could truly articulate the essence of existence like gods. This type of life form, transcending the current levels, inherently possessed indescribable characteristics.

Although the Divine Son had failed to break through, at a certain moment, he already possessed the characteristics of a god. Hence, his death naturally resulted in this type of blood rain of gods.

There was also a strong concept of sorrow that spread into the hearts of every lifeform in the blood rain.

It turned into a sentence.

"Everyone is intoxicated, but you alone are awake. Or everyone is awake, and you alone are intoxicated. Which one… is more pitiful?"

Xu Qing remained silent.

In his mind, not only did this voice echo, but the last sentence the divine son said to him before he died also echoed.

'Could my past be your future…'



These words were imprinted in Xu Qing's mind and permeated his soul.

After a long time, Xu Qing lifted his head and looked at the Red Moon Star in the sky.

Looking from here, the Red Moon Star occupied half of the sky, causing the entire world to turn red.

There was also a huge sense of oppression that enveloped the world with Its arrival. Even the illusory blood rain gradually blurred because of the arrival of the Red Moon Star.

The sky caved in and the Heavenly Dao had no choice but to retreat. All the rules and laws disintegrated with the appearance of the Red Moon Star.

It was the same for the ground due to the attraction force of the Red Moon. The mountains collapsed, the ground shattered, and the rivers flowed against the current, as though apocalypse had arrived.

"It is a little faster than expected. It will appear here in three days at most."

The captain stood beside Xu Qing and looked at the Red Moon Star. He licked his lips and then raised his hand to recall the nine artificial suns. As he played with them, he spoke in a low voice.

"As for what the fourth prince told you before he died, Junior Brother, there's no need to bother with it. You have to know that before some people die, they always like to say some mysterious words to make the world remember them."

"This habit is actually quite good. I'll do the same in the future. I've even thought of my lines. When I die in the future, I'll say… when the fragmented-face of the god in the sky opens Its eyes again, I'll return to see my junior brother."

"How is it? Isn't it cool? Doesn't it perfectly reflect our friendship? Haha, maybe it will trigger endless associations for those who hear it. Who knows, they might even think I'm the fragmented-face of the god," the captain winked at Xu Qing.

"I've also come up with a line for you. If you ever kick the bucket, remember to say in a deep voice just before you die, 'In the eleventh year of my senior brother's descent, I will return.'"

Xu Qing glanced at the captain.

"Eldest Senior Brother, thank you[1]."

"Haha, no need for thanks, we are friends." The captain was beaming with joy and laughed proudly.

"Then, Eldest Senior Brother, tell me about what it was like in the time of the Divine Son you went to." Xu Qing asked the question he wanted to ask earlier.

When the captain heard this, the smile on his face remained, but there was a hint of deeper meaning in his eyes as he spoke softly.

"Li Zihua slashed his divine fire before the fourth prince's third Nascent Soul Tribulation."

Xu Qing fell into deep thought.

"In other words, in the time you went to, Li Zihua was still a god!"

The captain nodded.

 Xu Qing glanced at the captain and didn't ask further.

At that moment, with the death of the divine son, the expressions of the Moon Rebel cultivators were unprecedentedly excited. Even though the Red Moon Star had arrived, what happened today had never happened in the entire history of the Moon Worship Region.

The Red Moon Shrine was destroyed!

The high priest was sealed and the Divine Son had fallen. This represented hope!

Compared to the Moon Rebel cultivators, the Red Moon cultivators' breathing was hurried and endless emotions surged in their hearts.

The Red Moon could be seen when they lifted their heads.

However, to them, death could still descend at any time.

This was because after losing the high priest and Divine Son, in the coming three days before the Red Moon Star arrived here, the heir and the others were the supreme beings in the Moon Worship Region.

A single word could decide their life and death!

At that moment, in the sky, the heir was staring at the Red Moon Star with a solemn expression. Beside him, Princess Mingmei, the fifth princess, and Old Eighth looked the same.

Only Old Ninth was expressionless as he coldly looked at the Red Moon Star. A hint of killing intent rose from his body.

"We only have three days."

The heir retracted his gaze from the Red Moon Star and looked at Xu Qing and the captain.

"Now is a critical moment. Regardless of whether your Master is really arranging everything, I just want to ask, do you really have a way to revive my father?"

As soon as the heir spoke, his siblings all looked at the captain and Xu Qing.

When the captain heard this, he lifted his head and looked at the heir and the others, speaking proudly.

"Grandpas, grandmas, don't worry. I, Chen Erniu, never brag. If I say I can revive him, I will definitely be able to do it. However, I need your cooperation, such as casting spells and bleeding a little…"

The captain said this firmly without the slightest hesitation.

The heir and the others fell silent before looking at Xu Qing.

They instinctively didn't trust Chen Erniu's words. However, Xu Qing's relationship with them was different. He was half a disciple of them, so his words had different meanings.

Seeing this, the captain looked a little awkward. Hence, he looked at Xu Qing eagerly. He also understood in his heart that if he wanted the heir and the others to cooperate, it was better for Xu Qing to say one sentence instead of him saying a hundred.

Xu Qing didn't hesitate. He stared at the heir and the others and respectfully spoke.

"Seniors, since my senior brother said it can be done, I believe it can definitely be done!"

The heir fell silent. After a long time, he nodded.

"We'll cooperate fully in these three days. If it can't be done, Xu Qing… this old man will send you out of the Moon Worship Region. You can deal with the matters here when you have the ability to resolve them in the future."

"As for you… you will stay behind." The heir glanced at the captain and calmly spoke.

This difference in treatment made Erniu feel very helpless. However, he also knew that the feeling he gave off was too honest. When one was honest to the extreme, others would often think that he was unreliable.

'Sigh, being honest isn't my fault. It's my strength.'

The captain was indignant but his face revealed a fawning expression as he hurriedly spoke.

"Grandpa, I also want to accompany you guys here, but I can really revive the ruler. The process of revival requires the help of my junior brother and many of my preparations. I can't lack any of them.

"And the first step requires my junior brother's specialty!"

"Junior Brother, I need your curse subduing pill to cleanse all living beings in the Moon Worship Region and reduce their curse by at least 30%. What do you need to do this?"

The captain looked at Xu Qing.

Xu Qing thought about it and spoke in a low voice.

"I need the power of the Red Moon in their bodies."

Xu Qing pointed at the Red Moon cultivators below.

The expressions of all the Red Moon cultivators changed.

"I need the power of the Red Moon in their bodies to act as a medicinal catalyst and use the Moon Rebel Hall's artifact spirit's land as a pill furnace."

After Xu Qing finished speaking, the captain immediately looked at the heir.

The heir and the others didn't hesitate at all. They each raised their hands and pressed down on the ground with all their might. The pressure of five Soul Accumulation cultivators descended violently, enveloping all the Red Moon cultivators on the ground.

As a rumbling sound echoed and the ground trembled, the Red Moon cultivators here let out heart-rending cries. Their bodies trembled and they collapsed one after another. No matter what cultivation they had, they were unable to resist the five Soul Accumulation cultivators.

Blood was squeezed out of their shattered bodies, forming a sea of blood that rose into the air, heading straight for Xu Qing.

The experts among the Red Moon cultivators, such as the blood guards and the three ancient Red Moon cultivators, only lasted a little longer than others. In the end, they couldn't escape the calamity and quickly shattered into pieces. Everything in their bodies turned into blood and fused into the sea of blood.

This scene was like hell on earth but no one felt sympathy.

Xu Qing's expression was calm as he sensed the dense power of the Red Moon in the surrounding sea of blood. He lifted his right hand and pointed at the void. Immediately, the Moon Rebel Mirror showed up above him. As it flickered, the scene from back then in the place of the artifact spirit of the Moon Rebel Hall appeared in reality.

Xu Qing began to refine!

However, there was a difference. This time, he wasn't refining pills but refining a rain!

It was a rain that had the power to dispel curses that borrowed the power of the Moon Rebel Mirror to fuse into the minds of all living beings.

Very soon, the blood in the surroundings boiled. Under Xu Qing's refinement, everything inside changed. In the end, Xu Qing still ordered all the blood beasts here to fuse their blood. Finally, combined with his Red Moon Authority, a deep voice rang out.

"Curse subduing!"

His words seemed to carry out a certain law. The moment they echoed, the sea of blood in the surroundings exploded and rumbled, heading straight for the Moon Rebel Mirror.

After it was absorbed by the Moon Rebel Mirror, a blood-colored storm appeared in the minds of the remaining living beings in the Moon Worship Region.

In an instant, all living beings trembled. No matter what race it was or what cultivation they had, at this moment, the curse in everyone's bodies was like ice meeting boiling water.

It began to melt!

"Next is the second step. Grandpa, I require all of your bloodline as a guide to revive the ruler. Fuse your Soul Accumulation blood into the ruler's statue and revive his flesh and blood!"

The captain suddenly lifted his head and looked at the heir and the others.

The heir and his siblings looked at each other. After that, they closed their eyes and their forehead split open. Drops of blood that contained their life force and cultivation flew out and fused into the ruler's statue.

The blood fusion continued.

"Next is the third step. Gather the pure power of faith after all living beings' curses are lowered, converge it within the statue of the ruler, and awaken the ruler!"

The captain's body rose into the air. His hair was disheveled and his eyes revealed madness. He shouted and his voice entered the Moon Rebel Mirror, echoing in the minds of all living beings.

Very soon, motes of light flew up from the ground and passed through the void from all directions. After they appeared, they headed straight for the ruler's statue. After they entered the statue, the ruler's statue… trembled for the first time in countless years.

A large amount of dust scattered and the ground trembled.

However, that was all. The ruler's statue trembled and calmed down, not waking up.

The blood of the heir and the others was still flowing. Seeing this, they peeped at the captain.

The captain wasn't flustered at all. On the contrary, the madness in his eyes intensified as he roared at the Moon Rebel Mirror.

"Little Qing, assist me get Ning Yan and Wu Jianwu!"

Xu Qing nodded and immediately performed a series of hand seals. Immediately, the Moon Rebel Mirror shone. Ning Yan and Wu Jianwu, who were far away in the small apothecary in the Bitter Life Mountain Range, were forcefully teleported over by this regional treasure.

The moment they appeared, the two of them still had dazed expressions on their faces. After seeing everything in their surroundings clearly, Ning Yan gasped and Wu Jianwu cried out involuntarily.

"I wonder, with Grandpa overhead, who will shock the heavens with thunder?"

The captain glared and roared.

"Wu Jianwu, call out all your pets. Their bloodline comes from the ruler's close friend. Get them to kneel and summon together."

Your father is the current Human Emperor, right? Your surname is not Ning, it's Guyue! Go and kneel before the statue, worshiping in the identity of a descendant of the Ancient Sovereign that spans countless generations, summoning the ruler!"

Wu Jianwu was stunned for a moment. He didn't hesitate to summon his pets immediately. However, Ning Yan's expression changed drastically when he heard this. He was bewildered.

Xu Qing coldly looked over.

"Hurry up and do as he says!"

Ning Yan shrunk his head. He was afraid of the captain and still additional afraid of Xu Qing. Hence, he instinctively exposed a fawning expression and hurriedly nodded.

"Understood. I'll kneel now…"

[1] He is being sarcastic.































































Moon Worship Region, Red Moon Island.

The world rumbled and the wind surged. The source of everything was the indomitable statue of the ruler.

This statue that was being made to kneel was shaking intensely.

A large amount of dust and rocks spread out from the statue. Cracks rapidly formed on the statue's body, spreading and extending across its entire body.

The white specks of light formed by the power of faith of all living beings continued to surge over and fuse into the statue of Ruler Li Zihua, reviving its flesh and blood, causing the statue's shaking to become increasingly intense.

Around the statue, the heir and the others were sitting cross-legged in the air. Drops of blood flew out of the cracks on their foreheads.

This blood that contained the power of the same source landed on their father's statue and gradually revived his spirit.

However, it was obvious that reviving the sovereign wasn't a simple matter.

At this moment, with Xu Qing and the captain's words, Ning Yan's expression took on a pleasing tone, and he involuntarily recalled the eunuchs around his imperial father in his mind, inadvertently displaying a similar expression.

However, in his heart, he was filled with grief and indignation.

'I'm a prince. You people are too much!'

'It's still fine with Boss Xu. After all, he doesn't know my identity and even saved my life in the past. He's very good to me, but that damn Chen Erniu!'

'He actually knew my true identity long ago, but he still dared to treat me like this!'

'Just you wait. When I return to the Grand Imperial Capital Region, I'll definitely let you see my dignity as a prince!'

As Ning Yan's heart churned, the captain narrowed his eyes and said coldly with a spurious smile.

"What's wrong, Little Ningning? I feel like you're scolding me in your mind."



Ning Yan shivered and hurriedly lowered his head and shook it.

"How is that possible? Senior Brother Erniu, your kindness to me is as heavy as a mountain. Let alone making me kneel, I wouldn't even say a word if you wanted me to throw my head away. The happiest time in my life was when I was spun around by you, Senior Brother. That feeling of flying was really beautiful."

Originally, Ning Yan wasn't good at flattering, currying favor, or ingratiating, ingratiate. However, after coming to the Moon Worship Region, everything about him gradually changed…

Xu Qing glanced at Ning Yan and couldn't help but recall the first time he saw the other party in the Absolute Beginning Separation Pillar.

That stubbornness was long gone…

As for the other party's identity, although Xu Qing didn't know the specifics previously, the special nature of Ning Yan's bloodline and with how his Eldest Senior Brother frequently roped the other party in, it already clarified the situation.

Hence, Xu Qing had some guesses about this. Now that Eldest Senior Brother had pointed it out, he wasn't too surprised.

Ning Yan didn't dare to delay. He quickly ran to the statue of Ruler Li Zihua and knelt down with a plop, calling out loudly.

"Senior, I'm the 3,915th generation descendant of the Ancient Sovereign Mystic Nether, Guyue Ningyan and am here to request your blessings!"

The moment these words were spoken, all the pleasing expressions on Ning Yan's face vanished, replaced by solemnity. His voice also changed, different from before, becoming deeper and more dignified.

Although he was kneeling there, his back was straight. Under the circulation of his cultivation, the aura on his body faintly emitted the roar of a dragon.

Despite wearing the attire of a store clerk, at this moment, he exuded an extraordinary aura. His gaze was determined, especially when he raised his hand and pressed it to his forehead. With a gentle stroke, a drop of blood emerged. Behind him, a void suddenly churned and surged.

Vaguely, illusory bodies appeared behind him. Every figure wore an emperor's robe and crown, emitting a majestic aura.

This scene caused Xu Qing to take a few more glances. The captain blinked but didn't speak.

Ning Yan looked at Li Zihua's statue with a majestic aura and slowly spoke.

"I came to the Moon Worship Region on the orders of the Human Emperor to assist in the revival of the ruler."

"I request the ruler to return to us!"

Ning Yan's expression was solemn. He lowered his head and bowed. Blood flew out of his forehead and a large number of emperor figures surged in with his blood, floating toward the statue of Ruler Li Zihua.

The blood landed on the statue's forehead and fused into it.

 At the next instant, the statue of Li Zihua trembled. The signs of awakening became extremely intense at this moment.

That drop of blood contained the bloodline of the Human Emperor. It was of a peerless status to the human race.

This wasn't the end. Amidst the increasing commotion caused by the statue of Ruler Li Zihua, Wu Jianwu wasn't to be outdone. He opened his arms at the side and waved them fiercely.

"Descendants of the myriad Dao, return to the land by your father's side!"

As his voice echoed, ferocious beasts that contained dense bloodline fluctuations rapidly descended around Wu Jianwu. Among them were bear, tiger, turtle, dog, and some random beasts.

The parrot was among them.

There were dozens of them. After they appeared, the surrounding void trembled and layers of fluctuations spread out. These ferocious beasts then looked at Wu Jianwu in unison.

"I defy the heavens with my life; all children, kneel in front!"

Wu Jianwu looked proud but most of his ferocious beast descendants had blank expressions. Clearly, even though they had followed Wu Jianwu for a long time, they still didn't understand his words.

Wu Jianwu was displeased and glanced at the parrot.

The parrot lifted its head. Its body was like a stick as it let out a sharp cry.

"Kneel, shout!"

Immediately, all the ferocious beasts knelt down in unison and let out roars.

With their voices and the source of their bloodline, they called for Ruler Li Zihua.

The statue of the ruler shook again and more cracks appeared. A large amount of gravel fell off and the signs of awakening became much more obvious.

The sky and earth changed color. Even the distant Red Moon Star seemed to tremble.

However, this awakening seemed to be a little lacking. It wasn't stable and was sometimes strong and sometimes weak.

Seeing this, the captain's eyes revealed a strange glint.

"Everyone from the Moon Rebel Hall, your mission has arrived!"

"The Moon Rebel Mirror contains a wisp of the ruler's divine sense before he died. This divine sense has transformed into 100,000 temples. Now, all the statues, return to your positions!"

"Little Qing, help me!"

The captain roared and controlled the Moon Rebel Mirror. Xu Qing didn't hesitate at all and immediately acted. They could only control the Moon Rebel Mirror completely if they were together.

Now that they acted together, the Moon Rebel Mirror rumbled and faced the ruler's statue.

Under its reflection, the statue of Ruler Li Zihua instantly changed. It was as though it had transformed into a mountain and countless vortices appeared on its body.

In each vortex, a temple was faintly discernible.

The cultivators of the Moon Rebel Hall all took a deep breath and determination appeared in their eyes. They were willing to revive the ruler from the bottom of their hearts. Now, they instantly flew out and began to return to the temples.

This time, they no longer returned to the temples of the Moon Rebel Hall but to the temples in the vortices on the statue.

In the blink of an eye, tens of thousands of Moon Rebel cultivators disappeared. When they reappeared, they were in the body of the statue. All of them transformed into statues and sat down cross-legged. The cultivation bases in their bodies circulated and fused into the ruler.

They became the source of energy for the revival of the ruler, Li Zihua.

As their cultivation levels fused, and the aura of the ruler gradually stabilized. It persisted to grow and become stronger.

The momentum of awakening finally formed a cycle, like flames being ignited. As long as it continued to burn, it would burn the world.

The heir and the others were excited as they saw this.

"Now, there's only one last step left."

The captain's breathing was hurried as he lifted his head and looked at the Red Moon on the horizon.

"In two days, the Red Moon Star will appear directly above this place. At that time, the power of the Red Moon will reach its peak."

"This peak power of the Red Moon and the aura of Crimson Goddess are the greatest stimulation for the ruler. At that time… his awakening will be ignited and… he will return!"

"What we need to do is to continue calling out, keeping the will of the ruler in a state of revival, ensuring that this flame will not be extinguished!"

After the captain finished speaking, the heir in the sky nodded and closed his eyes, calling out inwardly.

Princess Mingmei, her other siblings, and the tens of thousands of Moon Rebel cultivators did the same. They called out inwardly at the same time. Not only that, but the scene here had already emerged in the minds of all living beings in the Moon Worship Region through the Moon Rebel Mirror.

Those scattered Red Moon Shrine cultivators were exceptionally terrified.

However, to the sorrowful living beings who were still alive, this was unprecedented hope.

Hence, the shouts for the ruler filled the entire Moon Worship Region.

"Ruler, please return!"

"Ruler, please return!!"

"Ruler, please return!!!"

The sounds persisted and grew increasingly intense. When they filled the world of the Moon Worship Region, Xu Qing's heart fluctuated. He gazed at the Red Moon Star in the sky and then at the statue of the ruler, Li Zihua. He narrowed his eyes and walked toward the captain.

"Eldest Senior Brother, after Crimson Goddess arrives, will our reinforcements be enough? I still have a helper…"

"You're talking about that coquettish fox?" The captain was looking at his work proudly. When he heard this, he gazed at Xu Qing and blinked.

Xu Qing shook his head.

"The other one."

The captain was a little surprised. He took a closer look at Xu Qing and pondered for a while before speaking in a low voice.

"Junior Brother, actually, I'm not too confident about whether it's enough or not. If you can call for help, it'll naturally be best. I'm just worried that if there are too many helpers, our allocation might be reduced in the end."

Xu Qing fell silent and shook his head.

"Although the loot is important, killing Crimson Goddess is more important!"

"Besides… with so many people around, I don't think that my helper will ask too much. Otherwise…" Xu Qing glanced at the captain.

The captain licked his lips and immediately spoke.

"Junior Brother, what are you waiting for? Hurry up and invite them over."

Xu Qing nodded and lifted his hand, taking out a jade slip from his storage bag. The jade slip seemed like a living thing, and holding it in hand produced a greasy sensation, akin to flesh.

It emitted an ancient aura that contained the presence of a god.

The instant it appeared, it exuded a domineering presence even though the energy fluctuations here were chaotic.

The captain's gaze swept over and his brows lifted as he laughed.

Xu Qing didn't hesitate and squeezed fiercely.

The jade slip instantly emitted a dim light that enveloped Xu Qing.

Xu Qing's figure disappeared.































































In the Wanggu Continent, there was a hidden void, not the nine abysses, but equally pitch black.

No one knew its exact location, and even the Heavenly Dao couldn't find it.

This was because that was the place where the Ancient Spirit Emperor, who had unified Wanggu back then, had hidden with his clansmen after being cursed by all the Immemorial Heavenly Dao of Wanggu.

Its name was Spirit Abyss.

It was opened on the head of a rotting snake and was carried by the terrifying snake as it swam in the void.

The world inside was filled with death and countless bones were buried in it.

Souls and rotting corpses could be seen everywhere.

The sky was dark and the ground was pitch-black.

Sound seemed to have no meaning here, as if the entire world consisted only of visuals.

In the scene, there were palaces, each containing a mountain made of bloody flesh.

A huge eye floated in the sky above each mountain peak.

It was closed, as though nothing in this world could break His peace.

Only golden dragons lingered in the surroundings, forming one rune after another, as if weaving dreams for Him.

If there was no disturbance, perhaps He would continue to sleep like this.

At this moment, as a vortex suddenly appeared, a huge eye floating in the sky above a mountain of flesh suddenly trembled.

As though He had sensed an existence that made Him feel helpless and disgusted, the eye suddenly opened.



A powerful divine sense that seemed to be able to drown the world, and caused the entire Ancient Spirit World to tremble erupted from this huge eye. It swept through endless soil and finally landed on the vortex that appeared.

Xu Qing's figure slowly formed in the vortex. After he walked out, he looked at this familiar world and then at the eye that was glaring at him. His expression was calm as he cupped his fists and bowed.

"Your Majesty, long time no see."

"Not long, just the time for a short nap!"

A cold snort emanated from within the eyeball, bloodshot veins permeating its eyes. While staring at Xu Qing, the sound of flowing water surrounded the area, and the waters of the Yellow Springs approached from all directions, ceaselessly flowing.

It was the saliva of the Ancient Spirit Emperor.

"I told you before that the next time you come, the interest you have to pay is a remnant god!"

"If not, I'll eat you!"

The god's finger in Xu Qing's body shuddered and continued to pretend to be asleep…

Xu Qing didn't care about the cowardice of the finger. He looked at the eyeball and a friendly expression appeared on his face.

"Your Majesty, of course I remember it, and I came to tell you about it."

"There's a feast. I wonder if Your Majesty is interested?"

Xu Qing respectfully spoke.

The eye narrowed.

"What feast?"

"Slumbering Crimson Goddess!"

As soon as Xu Qing finished speaking, the entire Ancient Spirit World rumbled. All the palaces shook and the eyes above the mountains of flesh all opened and looked at Xu Qing in unison.

"What are you talking about!!"

Facing such divine might, if it was back then, Xu Qing wouldn't be able to withstand it. However, his cultivation was now worlds apart from before. Although he still felt discomfort, he wasn't as fragile as before.

 Hence, he maintained his calm and spoke softly.

"I teleported here from the Moon Worship Region. There, we have the awakened ruler, Li Zihua, two high gods of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race, and several Soul Accumulation almighty beings…"

"Before I came here, I suggested sharing this feast with you, Your Majesty. Hence, they asked me to come here and ask… if you are going to join in this feast."

"As for whether what I said is true or false, with Your Majesty's might, you can inspect the aura on my body."

As Xu Qing's voice echoed, all the eyes here blinked rapidly. The ground rumbled even more, as though a heartbeat was beating fast.

Xu Qing's words were too shocking even for the Ancient Spirit Emperor.

He clearly didn't expect that the interest Xu Qing had prepared this time would actually be so great. What He originally wanted was only a part of a god.

However, Xu Qing was offering Crimson Goddess.

He knew about Crimson Goddess and had also detected the aura of high gods of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race on Xu Qing. He was indeed telling the truth.

However, He remained silent.

Xu Qing wasn't in a hurry and waited silently.

Time flowed by and a day passed.

"Your Majesty, if you don't want the interest this time, then I'll take my leave first. It's almost time to eat."

Xu Qing calmly spoke and slowly retreated, wanting to step into the vortex again.

However, at that moment, the vortex paused and actually solidified.

Xu Qing didn't panic at all. He calmly looked at the Ancient Spirit Emperor's eye.

"I'm a chef. If I don't go back, they'll find me."

The eye stared at Xu Qing as though It was weighing the pros and cons. After a long time, the vortex behind Xu Qing resumed spinning.

The moment Xu Qing's figure was about to disappear, a drop of black blood flew out of the Ancient Spirit Emperor's eye and headed straight for Xu Qing. After it landed on his body, it transformed into a black cloak.

There was an eye on this cloak that looked extremely sinister.

The voice of the Ancient Spirit Emperor echoed in Xu Qing's mind.

"If everything is true, I will attend the feast."

When Xu Qing heard this, he nodded.

"Your Majesty, after this banquet ends, I want an Ancient Spirit luck dragon."

"Alright!"

The world reversed and rumbling sounds rang out in all directions. Xu Qing disappeared from the vortex and returned to the Moon Worship Region, in front of the statue of the ruler, Li Zihua.

As soon as he appeared, the captain immediately looked over. The heir and the others also opened their eyes and stared at Xu Qing, especially at his black cloak.

The eye of the Ancient Spirit Emperor on the cloak also rapidly narrowed.

The first thing he saw was the statue of the ruler, Li Zihua. He deeply sensed the terrifying power contained in this statue and the awakening aura on it.

After that, He looked at the sky and saw the incomparably huge Red Moon Star that was about to arrive. Waves rose in His mind.

Finally, he looked at the heir and the others. His gaze swept past them one by one and when He saw Old Ninth, His eyes narrowed.

"Senior, this is my esteemed guest."

Xu Qing looked at the heir and respectfully spoke.

The heir didn't say anything and nodded. Clearly, on the day Xu Qing left, the captain seemed to have told them something. Only Old Ninth looked at Xu Qing's black cloak and a hint of coldness spread out from his body.

"We owe this kid a debt of gratitude."

The eye of the Ancient Spirit Emperor narrowed. He could sense a peerless baleful aura from the person in front of him.

The intensity of this baleful aura was enough to rank among the top three that He had encountered in His entire life.

"Such a heaven's chosen… He has a sword that can intimidate gods!"

The Ancient Spirit Emperor muttered inwardly. He naturally understood what the other party meant. This was a threat and a warning.

If it was at His peak, He would naturally ignore such threats. However, it was different now. Moreover, everything He saw after coming here wasn't much different from what Xu Qing had said.

As for the high gods, He sensed a dense aura from the person at the side.

'That shifty-eyed person carries the gateway to a god's land on his person.'

All of this caused the mind of the Ancient Spirit Emperor to fluctuate as He transmitted His divine sense.

"He's my believer, so I naturally won't harm him."

When Old Ninth heard this, he retracted his gaze but his baleful aura still remained.

The Ancient Spirit Emperor narrowed His eyes and glanced at the reviving ruler.

From the start to the end, Xu Qing's expression was calm. Since he dared to invite the Ancient Spirit Emperor over, he naturally had something to rely on. He was also certain that the Ancient Spirit Emperor wouldn't be able to cause a massive commotion in this situation.

Time slowly passed.

The calls of all living beings in the Moon Worship Region continued. As the Red Moon Star gradually arrived, the calls became even more intense.

The Red Moon Star already occupied most of the sky.

In fact, because the distance was too close, the craters on It could be seen with the naked eye.

Its shadow blanketed the land, causing the ground to churn, rivers to erupt, and mountains to collapse wherever it passed. The aura emitted by the Red Moon Star swept like a storm, shrouding everything in the will of the god.

The anomalous substances intensified and the world distorted.

It was moving toward the ruler's statue.

The surrounding blood lake was filled up again. Everything in sight was red, as though this realm was drowned by a sea of blood at this moment.

All living beings trembled and despair rose uncontrollably, transforming into an even more intense call.

The awakening aura on the ruler's body also erupted at this moment, causing the world to distort and the void to rumble. It was as though countless heavenly lightning was exploding.

However, no matter how this sound spread, it couldn't stop the arrival of the Red Moon Star.

The Red Moon was getting closer and closer.

On the ground, its shadow carried anomalous substances and covered almost everything.

The expressions of the heir and the others were solemn, and their eyes were filled with hatred. The captain's expression also became tense.

All the preparations and many years of hard work would depend on this!

The Ancient Spirit Emperor's eye on Xu Qing's cloak instantly narrowed.

Xu Qing also couldn't help but feel uneasy. The Red Moon's authority in his body became unprecedentedly active, being pulled by the Red Moon.

The different feelings in everyone's hearts instantly reached their peak.

At the next instant, the realm darkened. The colossal Red Moon Star carried the endless power of the tides, terrifying divine might, and a terrifying aura as It emerged in the heavens above the ruler's statue!

Right in the middle!

Crimson Goddess had arrived!

An extremely dense god's aura descended from the heavens like ink.

In the blink of an eye, the heir and the others spat out a mouthful of blood. Their bodies began to wither and decay, emitting black gas as curses erupted.

The captain also couldn't withstand the aura, but he immediately spread out the Suns of Dawn ring and barely persisted.

As for Xu Qing, the cloak formed by the Ancient Spirit Emperor on his body passively resisted the eruption of this aura for him.

However, if this continued, it would be difficult for them to last for too long.

The Moon Worship Region churned and this realm began to collapse. All living beings wailed as doomsday descended.

If all of this were to form a picture, the scene in the Moon Worship Region would look incredibly desolate. The kneeling posture of the ruler's statue, just like the name of this Repentance Plain, suggested punishment. He was being penalized, and was forced to repent in this place.

It was like this in every era of the sacrificial ceremony.

However, this time was different!

The instant everyone struggled to withstand the aura, white flames burned from the body of the ruler's statue!

This was the burning of its revival. It was stimulated by the spreading of the Red Moon's divine might and Crimson Goddess' aura.

The flames grew increasingly intense and instantly reached the extreme, erupting into the sky. Its hands, which had never been lifted since its death, slowly lifted amidst the flames and deafening rumbling!

The large hands blotted out the heavens and slammed into… the Red Moon Star above its head!

Boom!

Ruler Li Zihua had revived!































































The weather changed.

Everything rumbled.

The hearts of all living beings boiled.

The statue of the ruler that stood on the Repentance Plain had experienced many eras since ancient times. He… finally moved!

His two arms, resembling pillars supporting heaven and earth, exuded a majestic aura. With a force that could destroy the old and bring forth the new, he lifted a mighty wind with the power of his palms.

The wind howled and echoed in the surroundings. The void collapsed in front of his palms, all the rules and laws were reduced to dust by his hands.

They weren't the hands of a cultivator, but almost like the hands of a god.

These two giant hands, now, with a resounding echo that shook the ancient and modern, slammed onto the Red Moon Star!

He held It tightly.

His hands fixed the Red Moon Star in the sky.

The thunderous roar rose to the heavens as the Red Moon Star, for the first time in countless years, encountered resistance. It attempted to advance, but the hands of the Ruler Li Zihua remained as steady as a rock!

In an instant, there was intense struggle from both sides.

This shaking caused the Red Moon Star to emit a rumbling sound. The blood light from it shone intensely, and more gravel fell from the statue of Li Zihua.

Gradually, a thunderous heartbeat echoed from the statue.



Thump, thump, thump!

As the heartbeat gradually grew louder, white flames that were even more intense than before erupted from the statue of Ruler Li Zihua and spread in all directions.

From afar, the statue of Li Zihua looked like a huge human-shaped torch.

The light from the fire even surpassed the light emitted by the Red Moon.

Its momentum was violent, sweeping out everywhere.

All areas around the statue were covered by this fire. Only the sky…

The Red Moon Star had replaced the sky and seemed to have become a forbidden area for the white flames!

The crimson light and white flames formed a clear contrast!

Li Zihua had revived.

However, he hadn't woken up yet.

This revival was only the reverberation of aura and heartbeat; his eyes had not fully opened.

However, even so, it was enough to shock the entire Moon Worship Region. It also dissipated a great deal of the god's pressure that had originated from the arrival of the Red Moon Star.

The heir and the others recovered one after another.

The captain's body was surrounded by nine golden suns. He stood in the air with madness in his eyes, and salivated as he looked at the Red Moon Star.

As for Xu Qing, it had to be said that the Ancient Spirit Emperor was still a reliable teammate. The cloak He transformed into passively blocked most of the pressure for Xu Qing.

"Let's go!"

The instant everyone regained their mobility, the heir spoke in a low voice. He quickly rushed out and ran on the arm of his father's statue, heading straight for the Red Moon Star.

Princess Mingmei followed him by the side, and the fifth princess and Old Eighth followed from behind.

As for Old Ninth, he was the fastest. With just a few steps, he surpassed the heir and seemed to have transformed into a sword tip as he rushed toward the Red Moon.

The captain and Xu Qing were at the back. The two of them also went all out. As the initiators of this battle, they naturally had to go personally.

"The ruler's revival can't take too long, and it's not the moment for him to awaken. We have to step onto the Red Moon Star and enter the Moon Palace."

 "The moment we see Crimson Goddess is when the ruler will awaken"

The captain's breathing was hurried and he immediately transmitted his divine sense. Xu Qing nodded and the two of them unleashed their full speed, getting closer and closer to the Red Moon Star.

This battle that was at the level of gods… was about to begin!

However, it wasn't easy to step onto the Red Moon Star.

Even though the Red Moon Star was fixed by the ruler's hands, making it impossible for It to leave, and there being a direct path to It now, the oppressive force emanating from the Red Moon Star itself remained terrifying as they approached.

The tidal force emanating from it could tear everything apart.

The void around It was collapsing, cracks continuously appearing. Even the heir and the others found it increasingly difficult to take steps as they neared the Red Moon Star.

It was the same for the captain. Only Old Ninth's expression and his footsteps firm as he got closer and closer step by step.

Xu Qing was also unaffected. On one hand, it was the effect of the cloak, but the greater reason was the Red Moon authority in his body.

What was perceived as pressure and hindrance to others felt incredibly familiar to him. The more he advanced, the stronger this sense of familiarity became.

It was as though he was walking into a warm embrace.

After sensing these, Xu Qing immediately circulated the Red Moon Authority in his body, causing it to spread out and illuminate the huge Red Moon Star in front of him. In an instant, the red light became increasingly dazzling.

"My Red Moon's authority is being enhanced!" Xu Qing's eyes gleamed red. Blood filled his entire body and spread in all directions, forming a vortex. He moved faster and faster and gradually arrived beside the heir and the others.

At the back was the lonely Chen Erniu…

When the Ancient Spirit Emperor sensed all of this, his eyes narrowed slightly.

"There's great karma between this kid and Crimson Goddess…"

The captain who was alone at the back became a little anxious when he saw this scene.

"This won't do. I have finally found the dignity of being the Eldest Senior Brother in the Moon Worship Region and make Little Qing listen to my command all the way. Now, with the Red Moon right in front of us, if I get left behind… it'll be too embarrassing!"

While the captain was feeling anxious, the heir and the others exchanged glances. Determination shone in their eyes as they each used a secret technique and opened their mouths, breathing out towards the Red Moon Star in front of them.

Following their actions, Li Zihua's statue below actually trembled intensely. Its tightly shut mouth opened slightly and just like its children, it exhaled toward the Red Moon Star.

The breath turned into white mist, billowing and rushing towards the Red Moon Star. Upon instant contact, a resounding roar that shook the mind echoed through the heavens and the earth. The oppressive force from the Red Moon was surprisingly nullified on a large scale, albeit temporarily. However, this force was in the process of recovering.

Seizing this opportunity, everyone relaxed for a moment and then accelerated rapidly, advancing at full speed. Finally, they arrived before the Red Moon Star, following the left arm of the ruler.

However, on one hand, the Red Moon Star was ancient beyond measure, and on the other hand, this place housed the Palace of Crimson Goddess. Even though the force from the Red Moon was temporarily neutralized by the ruler's breath, the aura of Crimson Goddess here turned into clouds and mist, forming a barrier that isolated anything foreign.

Even Ruler Li Zihua's palms could only press down on the barrier, and because the range was too large, he was unable to destroy the barrier.

Seeing this, the captain's eyes lit up. Just as he was about to brandish his Suns of Dawn, the heir and the others each raised their left index fingers and pointed at the Red Moon Star.

Their bodies emitted dense bloodline fluctuations.

At the next instant, the ruler's statue shook again. His majestic body erupted with astonishing power and he lifted his left hand slightly from the Red Moon Star.

As he raised it, the Red Moon Star rumbled and slowly moved, as though It wanted to continue into the distance.

Xu Qing, the heir, and the others were standing on the huge left hand of the ruler's statue. At that moment, their bodies swayed. The instant they each stabilized their bodies, the ruler's left hand had already shifted thousands of feet away and paused.

He raised his index finger and stabbed Red Moon Star!

Its speed was so fast and its aura so strong that it seemed like it could destroy the world. There were also white flames burning on this finger, protecting everyone.

Amidst the rumbling, the finger touched the Red Moon Star again and landed on its cloud barrier.

A tremendous sound echoed throughout the entire Moon Worship Region, resounding suddenly. The barrier of clouds and mist directly collapsed, penetrated in an instant by that finger, pressing directly onto the soil of the Red Moon Star.

The entire Red Moon Star trembled.

If one looked up from the surface of this star, they would be able to see that the clouds in the sky above the blood-colored ground were dissipating, revealing a huge hole. A large rough hand pierced through it and its fingertip touched the ground.

Cracks appeared on the ground.

In the horrifying sight, one could see the heir and the others in the white flames around that finger.

They had eventually landed on the Red Moon Star!

This white flame rapidly extinguished and was substituted by the red light emitted by the Red Moon Star.

Xu Qing's heart fluctuated. He stood on the finger of the ruler and looked at everything in the surroundings.

In the past, the Red Moon Star could only be seen from afar and sensed. He couldn't step into it at all. But now… he had already appeared on the moon.

The ground was red, and the clouds in the sky were red, red was the only color here.

The ground undulated with mountains and countless depressions and craters. A river of blood flowed everywhere. This Red Moon Star… was indeed a world.

The extremely dense anomalous substances formed all the auras in this world. It was also very difficult to see too far. Everything in sight was distorted.

Amidst the distortion, countless illusory shadows flickered on the Red Moon Star.

Upon closer inspection, one could see that among these figures, there were humans and nonhumans. There were basically figures of all races. Their states were difficult to figure out, but they looked neither alive nor dead.

They didn't seem to have any intelligence. They were like an illusion, maintaining the posture of kneeling while covering their eyes.

What was even stranger was that Xu Qing discovered that every time he blinked, the location of these figures would change. However, if he didn't blink, they would remain in their original spots.

Regarding the appearance of the finger and the arrival of everyone, these figures didn't care at all. They continued to flicker and worship. Their sinister chanting echoed in this land of god.

"Red Moon, our lord, guide the Wanggu. Mourn for all living beings, and enjoy paradise."

"Sacrificing our bodies for our lord, this life is not painful, with dawn and dusk as the curtain, our bodies remain incorruptible."

"Crimson Goddess, our lord, of the illustrious Brilliant Heaven, the Heavenly Dao lies dormant, the ancient path revives."

"Sacrificing our souls for our lord, on the other side, there is grace, the melody of eternal joy, and another life awaits."

This chanting, more complete than the prayers in the Red Moon Shrine, did not come from their mouths but resonated from their souls. It echoed endlessly at this moment, boundless and infinite.































































A world painted in red, eerie silhouettes, and a sinister chant.

Rich in anomalous substances, a twisted heaven and earth, everything unfamiliar.

These elements together composed the world of the Red Moon Star.

It was also… the divine land of Crimson Goddess.

All cultivators who arrived couldn't escape the invasion of the anomalous substances. Their souls would be corroded by the chanting and their consciousness would unknowingly be affected, raising endless devotion to Crimson Goddess.

No matter what cultivation level they had.

The first to be affected was the fifth princess.

Her body trembled and the color of her robe was changing to red. It was the same for Old Eighth. The heir and Princess Mingmei were also shaken.

The captain wasn't much better either. At that moment, his breathing was hurried and his eyes revealed even more madness. One malevolent face after another appeared in his eyes, and his entire body shone with blue light.

Only Xu Qing… stood here without being affected.

With the enhancement from the Red Moon, he felt an unprecedented sense of familiarity with this world.

He even had a feeling that… he could influence this world to a certain extent.

Just as he was about to give it a try, Old Ninth took a step forward and raised his right hand before slashing down.

The world rumbled as a black sword light came from the sky, sweeping across the ground and all the figures in front of it.



Wherever the sword light passed, the ground collapsed and countless figures were killed. However, at the next instant… everything returned back to normal.

The chanting continued.

Invasion continued.

The expressions of the heir and the others darkened. A cold glint flashed in Old Ninth's eyes and he was about to continue.

"It's useless. This is a divine land. Right now, Crimson Goddess hasn't awakened, so Her will hasn't spread out. Otherwise, with a thought, everything here would be drowned by Her will."

The captain spoke in a low voice.

"Back then, I obtained a drop of mysterious blood, so I could transform into a mosquito and cross this place. However, I used up that drop of blood…"

"Little Qing, you're the only one here who isn't affected. Spread out your authority and find the Moon Palace!"

"The Moon Palace is the oldest palace in this world. It doesn't have a fixed location and can be anywhere, even in the grains of sand and void. Crimson Goddess… is sleeping in the depths of the Moon Palace!"

"After you find the Moon Palace, I have a way to open it. Then… we can enter it!"

When Xu Qing heard this, he glanced at the captain. This was his first time here. It was the same for the heir and the others!

Only the captain… this wasn't his first time.

"I'll give it a try." Xu Qing nodded and walked forward under the gazes of the heir and the others.

As he walked, the power of the Red Moon's authority on his body spread out. A vortex of blood formed around him, gradually growing larger. The feeling of familiarity grew even more intense in Xu Qing's heart.

He even had an impulse to… change the color of this star!

However, this was too serious. Xu Qing could only suppress this impulse and close his eyes. He used his authority to spread throughout the entire Red Moon Star to search for the Moon Palace.

As time passed, the heir and the others were increasingly affected by the invasion. Yet, the Moon Palace was still not found.

Xu Qing furrowed his brow, and at that moment, the Red Moon Star also exhibited a strong repulsive reaction. The earth trembled, indicating that the ruler couldn't hold it in place for too long.

It was difficult for him to fix the trajectory of this Red Moon star.

The captain sighed and looked at the heir and the others.

"Looks like I can only wake the ruler in advance. Otherwise, we won't be able to find the Moon Palace, and this stalemate is disadvantageous for us. However, regardless of whether it's the ruler awakening or my other methods, it will inevitably wake Crimson Goddess up…"

 "I can help you find it!" Before the captain could finish speaking, the Ancient Spirit Emperor's eye on Xu Qing's cloak transmitted Its divine sense.

"But once I take action, Crimson Goddess will similarly wake up. Also, if I succeed, I want half of the spoils!"

The captain looked at the Ancient Spirit Emperor, and the heir and the others narrowed their eyes.

The Ancient Spirit Emperor wasn't in a hurry and waited for everyone to make their choice.

At that moment, Xu Qing suddenly spoke.

"Since Crimson Goddess will awaken no matter what we do to find the Moon Palace, then… I have a method that I can give a try!"

After saying that, Xu Qing took more than ten steps forward and stopped in front of a flickering figure.

He lifted his head and looked at the sky before looking at the ground. Finally, his gaze landed on the figure in front of him. As he listened to the chanting in his ears, he let go of the impulse in his heart.

"There should be no two masters of the Red Moon's authority!"

A red glow slowly appeared in Xu Qing's eyes. At this moment, his divinity was intentionally released and fused with the Red Moon Star.

This scene caused the eyes of the heir and the others to narrow. The captain's eyes also gleamed.

The Ancient Spirit Emperor also fluctuated.

'This kid has the authority of the Red Moon on him. The meaning of him coming to this Red Moon Star is completely different from others!'

'Especially… since Crimson Goddess is currently in a deep sleep and hasn't woken up yet.'

At the moment when everyone's hearts were in turmoil, Xu Qing closed his eyes and the blood light in his entire body instantly soared. His body even became blurry and completely fused with the red color here, turning into a part of the red light that could only be vaguely seen.

The entire Red Moon Star suddenly trembled.

The chanting in the surroundings suddenly stopped at this instant. For the first time, countless figures changed their postures. They lifted their heads in unison with their hands covering their eyes, as though they were somehow attracted by Xu Qing's authority and were 'staring' at him.

After a long time, Xu Qing, who had fused with the red light and turned blurry, opened his eyes. His deep voice echoed in all directions.

"I am the new moon. I was born in Wanggu. All living beings call me Lord Purple."

As soon as he finished speaking, the blood light outside Xu Qing's body instantly changed and turned purple. This purple color rapidly spread and grew increasingly dense. From afar, it actually transformed into a Purple Moon!

As Xu Qing walked toward the sky, the Purple Moon… rose into the air!

At that moment, the color of the sky changed and a storm brewed. The Red Moon Star trembled intensely. As the ground trembled, all the figures in the surroundings trembled with it.

There was also a dense power of the Red Moon that surged into the sky from this star, transforming into a red storm with a hint of purple that swept through the sky and land. Wherever it passed, the flickering figures would tremble.

The heir and the others were even more surprised. As for Old Ninth, who had always been quiet, his expression turned solemn as he gazed at Xu Qing.

"He's tampering with Crimson Goddess' chanting!"

"Change red to purple!" The heir said in a low voice.

"A great opportunity, a great fortune!" The cloak formed by the Ancient Spirit Emperor suddenly left Xu Qing's body.

As for the captain, he was laughing very happily. There was a hint of sighing and ruefulness in the depths of his eyes.

'It's been a long time since I saw the Purple Moon…'

The purple moon rose into the air. Due to the appearance of the Purple Moon, there was an additional hint of purple in the red that was present everywhere in this world!

This purple color rapidly covered the ground and diffused to the sky. In the end, the colors of the illusory figures in the surroundings also changed. Gradually, there was a purple color mixed in them. At the same time, the chanting voice also changed.

"Master of the New Moon, guide the Wanggu. Mourn for all living beings, and enjoy paradise."

"Sacrificing our bodies for our lord, this life is not painful, with dawn and dusk as the curtain, our bodies remain incorruptible."

"The new moon's master was born in Wanggu, all beings respectfully call him Lord Purple."

"Sacrificing our souls for our lord, on the other side, there is grace, the melody of eternal joy, and another life awaits."

As they chanted the modified prayer, the color of all the figures rapidly turned purple at this moment. Even this star appeared purple!

This scene was not only seen by everyone here but also by some of the large regions in the Wanggu Continent!

In reality, the neighboring regions always paid attention to the arrival of the Red Moon Star. At that moment, in the palace of the white sand land in the Holy Wave Large Region, Grand Duke Holy Wave, who had broken through Nihility and advanced into the Soul Accumulation Realm, suddenly opened his eyes from meditation.

As he opened his eyes, the sky above the Holy Wave Large Region surged, forming a pair of eyes within, gazing intently at the Moon Worship.

"Purple has appeared in the Red Moon! The authority of Crimson Goddess is being changed…"

"What… is happening there?"

At the same time, emotions of horror rose in the Black Heaven Region.

Back then, due to the Grand Imperial Capital Region using the Suns of Dawn, the Black Heaven Race had suffered heavy losses. While the entire region was sealed off, they were constantly conducting sacrificial rituals and calling out to their god.

However, this summons remained unanswered. Until today, the high priests within the Black Sky Clan experienced unprecedented tremors and panic in their minds.

A scene emerged in their minds.

On the scene, the red moon was changing.

They weren't the solely ones. In Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race's region that bordered the Moon Worship Region, the cultivators sensed that the red light from the Moon Worship Region had turned purple.

If this was the case in the foreign regions, there was no need to mention the Moon Worship Region itself.

At this moment, the beings within the Moon Worship Region, trembling and uneasy, were shocked to discover that the colors of the sky and earth had changed.

The Red Moon Star in the sky was gradually transforming into Purple Moon.

If this continued, the moment Xu Qing completely replaced the Red Moon and transformed it entirely into purple, he… would become the new god.

However, this was obviously impossible since Crimson Goddess was still alive.

Crimson Goddess didn't wake up when the Black Heaven Race suffered heavy losses.

She also didn't stop the destruction of the Red Moon Shrine.

Even though Ruler Li Zihua had revived and halted the Red Moon Star, and his finger evenly pierced the cloud barrier, landing on the Red Moon's soil, this huge commotion still didn't awaken Her.

Clearly, devouring and absorbing the master of the land of the wicked wasn't that easy for Crimson Goddess.

But now, as the color of the Red Moon changed, She had no choice but to stop absorbing.

A terrifying aura instantly erupted throughout the Red Moon Star. In an instant, the red color of the entire star soared and a vast blood-colored palace emerged above everyone.

It was… the Moon Palace!

This palace was ancient, constructed from giant stones, exuding a sense of antiquity. Bathed entirely in blood-red, it radiated an unparalleled divine aura..

There was also a huge totem on the tightly-shut gate.

This totem transformed into a malevolent face.

It wasn't Crimson Goddess but a six-eyed face. At this moment, all six eyes opened, ignoring everyone and looking at Xu Qing, emitting a low roar.

"Those who blaspheme against the god will face a calamity of a thousand deaths!"































































"Ancestor of the Nether Race, You Dingmu!"

A cold glint flashed in the heir's eyes as he revealed the identity of the six-eyed face!

It wasn't just the heir who recognized this face. His siblings also recognized it the moment they saw it.

The captain narrowed his eyes and the corners of his mouth curled up. Clearly, he also knew the identity of the totem face on the gate. After all, in his previous life… he had been here.

Xu Qing's eyes narrowed as he recalled what the heir had told him when they saw the Nether Race on the way to the northern ice plains.

The ancestor of the Nether Race was once a subordinate of the ruler. When Crimson Goddess arrived, he chose to betray the ruler. After that, he was killed by the ruler's finger on the northern icy plains, shattering his great world.

The fragment of the great world he had obtained was a part of the great world of the totem face.

Now, this subordinate who had been killed by the ruler appeared on the Moon Palace's gate and was acting like a gate god. Clearly, he had been revived by Crimson Goddess.

"So, back then, when Eldest Senior Brother went to go to the northern icy plains, he used his skin to imprint the fingerprint there…"

Xu Qing looked at the captain.

The captain looked at Xu Qing with a smug expression as if telling Xu Qing, 'Now you know how impressive I am.' He inwardly thought that Little Qing had been performing too well, and now it was finally his turn to shine.



Hence, he looked up and spoke loudly.

"Seniors, the awakening of Crimson Goddess requires a process. We have to reach Her slumbering place before She completely wakes up!"

"As for this gate god, help me stall for some time. I have a way to suppress it!"

When Xu Qing heard this, his gaze swept across the surroundings before looking at the captain. He wanted to say something but hesitated.

At the same time, as the Moon Palace appeared, the ground of the Red Moon's star trembled and bulged. The sky tilted down as though it was being pulled by an invisible force.

From a distance, the Moon Palace appeared ancient and weathered, with giant stones exuding an ancient aura. However, whether it was the patterns on its surface or the details, everything reflected exquisite and luxurious craftsmanship.

There was also a majestic feeling.

The red walls, red tiles, and dazzling brilliance, along with intricately carved beams and painted rafters, created a scene of unparalleled beauty. The eaves were high and imposing, with lots of vivid scenes portrayed on them.

Shrouded in the hazy blood mist, it appeared like a silhouette floating in the clouds, giving it an extra sense of silence and solemnity.

Its arrival seemed to have become the core of this world. Everything had to gather here. Regardless of the sky or ground… it had to be like this.

The sky distorted and the ground undulated. The entire world was rumbling.

The Moon Palace became the center of attention. The blood light it emitted illuminated the surroundings and enveloped the entire Red Moon Star.

At that moment, the Red Moon Star seemed to be worshiping it. The colors of the bodies of those figures whose prayers had been tampered with by Xu Qing instantly returned to red. Their chanting also returned to its previous lines.

Under the red light, the totem face on the gate became even more sinister. It glared at Xu Qing with killing intent. Its voice was like countless heavenly lightning bolts that rumbled and exploded in all directions.

There were also red snowflakes floating around which quickly gathered to form armored skeletons that rushed toward Xu Qing and the others.

Facing these, the heir let out a cold snort and took a step forward. The instant his foot landed, the power of Soul Accumulation erupted from his body, forming a huge palm that grabbed forward.

Immediately, the void blurred and the armored skeletons trembled one after another before collapsing in unison. However, at the next instant, they gathered together and formed blood-bone beasts.

It was as though their existences were eternal and they couldn't be completely eliminated. On the contrary, they would become stronger and stronger under repeated destruction and revival.

However, the siblings of the heir were naturally not weaklings, and their cooperation was incomparably tacit. At this moment, Princess Mingmei performed a series of hand seals and the River of Time flowed over.

There was also Old Eighth who let out a deep shout. His shout could affect the seven emotions and six desires, even causing emotions to rise in those who didn't have emotions. In an instant, those blood-bone ferocious beasts became restless and felt fear.

Before they could suppress their emotions, the River of Time arrived and drowned them all.

The captain wasn't idle either. He took out a human skin scroll from his storage bag and called Xu Qing over. The two of them each held one end and opened it with all their might.

In the blink of an eye, the human skin was opened by them, revealing a huge fingerprint.

This fingerprint was strange. Just looking at it made one's heart skip a beat.

 That was the fingerprint left by the ruler's finger that had suppressed the Nether Race's ancestor.

"Little Qing, fuse your Poison Restriction into it!"

The captain shouted and spat out a mouthful of blood that landed on the human skin, activating it. In an instant, the fingerprint shone with an intense light and a terrifying pressure erupted from it.

Xu Qing's eyes turned pitch-black and the power of Poison Restriction enveloped the fingerprint, while the captain kept coughing blood repeatedly.

Soon, the pressure from the fingerprint on the human skin became even stronger.

However, looking at the captain spurting out blood, Xu Qing wanted to say something, but seeing that the captain was in high spirits, Xu Qing felt that it was best not to remind him.

As for the attacks of the heir and the others, it wasn't over. After neutralizing those blood-bone ferocious beasts, they rose into the air and headed straight for the Moon Palace.

However, to be able to guard the gate for the Crimson Goddess, the totem face naturally had more tricks up its sleeve. Its six eyes flickered at the same time, forming six red lights that transformed into six lumps of red mud that headed straight for the heir and the others.

This mud was extraordinary and actually contained the will of a god.

Their speed was so fast that they instantly enveloped the heir and the other four. The additional lump of mud headed straight for Xu Qing.

However, before this lump of blood-red mud landed, a black sword appeared in front of Xu Qing and blocked the mud.

Old Ninth, who was already covered by the fifth lump of mud, appeared in front of Xu Qing. He was actually fighting against two lumps of the mud alone.

"Hurry up!"

With his back facing Xu Qing and the captain, Old Ninth's entire body was covered in blood. A deep voice rang out from the mud.

The captain's expression changed and he quickly nodded.

"Seven breaths at most!"

As he spoke, he spat out even more blood. Xu Qing also increased the influx of the Poison Restriction. During this process, the two of them rapidly rose into the air. At the same time, as the Poison Restriction and the captain's blood flowed, this human skin continued to grow larger.

Under the tug of the two of them, the human skin quickly enlarged to 30 feet, 100 feet, 400 feet…

The fingerprint on it became increasingly clear, and the aura it emitted gradually became terrifying.

Seeing this, the six eyes of the totem face closed at the same time. On its closed eyelids, six souls actually appeared.

Upon closer look, one could see that these six soul figures were none other than the heir and his siblings. The additional soul was another figure of Old Ninth.

The instant they appeared, the blood mud around the heir and the others exploded and rolled back at the same time, merging together to form six mud figures identical to them.

They were grinning strangely. Their cultivation erupted and displayed the same Soul Accumulation power as they charged toward the heir and the others.

A crack appeared between the brows of the totem face. It opened its seventh eye and looked at Xu Qing and the captain. More specifically, it was looking at the fingerprint on the human skin.

The seventh eye narrowed and the totem face swayed. It chose to leave the gate and appear outside, transforming into an incomparably huge mud face.

Its existence was actually formed from blood mud. At that moment, it headed straight for Xu Qing and the captain. Its mouth opened wider and wider, as though it wanted to devour them.

However, at that moment, just as the blood mud face flew out and before it could devour Xu Qing and the captain, a black light suddenly appeared from the void.

This black light had concealed itself extremely deeply. The way it appeared and the timing were extremely tricky. It was as though this light was waiting for the instance the face left the gate.

As it flew over, a sense of greed and thirst erupted uncontrollably. There was also turbid water from the Yellow Springs falling from all directions. That was… the saliva of the Ancient Spirit Emperor.

The black light was none other than the cloak that the Ancient Spirit Emperor had transformed into.

In the blink of an eye, the cloak headed straight for the mouth of the bloody face and flew in.

The hunger that had been suppressed for countless years completely erupted at this moment. The devouring power of the Ancient Spirit Emperor erupted crazily.

A mournful cry rang out from the bloody face. For the first time, horror appeared in its eyes. At that moment, it no longer cared about devouring Xu Qing. Instead, it rapidly retreated, wanting to return to the gate.

However, the Ancient Spirit Emperor had hidden at the side until now for the sake of eating. How could He let the food escape just like that? Hence, He devoured even more crazily from within the blood mud face.

One bite after another, He continued to bite. In an instant, there was even more Yellow Springs drool. As it gathered into a river, thunderous sounds of hunger echoed in all directions.

This scene stunned the captain. He gazed at the ultimate move he had prepared and then at the bloody face, feeling a little depressed.

Xu Qing wasn't surprised by this.

According to his understanding of the Ancient Spirit Emperor, it would be strange if the other party didn't do this.

He had actually planned to remind the captain earlier… but on one hand, it didn't feel good to destroy Eldest Senior Brother's enthusiasm. On the other hand, once he reminded him, he was afraid that the sneak attack of the Ancient Spirit Emperor would lose its effect.

Just as the captain was feeling depressed, the blood mud face let out a heart-rending cry. The face instantly collapsed and shattered into pieces, turning into a large amount of blood mud that rapidly gathered together.

However… only 40% of the blood mud was left. The remaining 60% of the blood mud indeed turned into eyeballs that disclosed intense greed.

They already belonged to the Ancient Spirit Emperor.

The ancestor of the Nether Race was horrified and immediately tried to return to the Moon Palace, but the captain immediately seized this opportunity. He let go of the human skin and shouted.

"Seal!"

The instance he uttered it, Xu Qing also let go. Immediately, the fingerprint on the human skin let out a massive aura like the laws of nature, earth-shattering and imposing. It immediately got past the Ancient Spirit Emperor and imprinted on the ancestor of the Nether Race.

If this fingerprint was used on others, there might be all kinds of unknown effects. However, it had once suppressed the Nether Race's ancestor to death and had a great karma with him. Hence, when it emerged at this moment, it immediately caused the Nether Race's ancestor's body to tremble.

At the next instant, the human skin arrived and directly enveloped the ancestor of the Nether Race. After covering him, it rapidly spun and transformed into a scroll that flew toward the captain.































































The captain grabbed the scroll while laughing and tossed it to Xu Qing.

"Junior Brother, suppress it in the world fragment. This is our first spoil of war!"

Xu Qing caught it. When he heard this, he immediately suppressed it in the world fragment.

Imprinting the fingerprint that contained karma with it on it, using the captain's skin to seal it, and then using the great world fragment that was originally its own to suppress it.

All of this process was based on karma.

This suppression was extremely stable.

Especially when the Nether Race's ancestor had suffered a serious injury and lost 60% of his strength. Under this suppression, the remaining 40% couldn't cause any waves.

It had to be said that the captain had made ample preparations for this battle against Crimson Goddess.

However… in the eyes of the Ancient Spirit Emperor, this was snatching food from His mouth!

Hence, His gaze looked over unkindly at this moment. He wasn't full yet.

However, He also understood that this was just an appetizer. He snorted coldly and looked at the mud figures fighting against the heir and the others.

These figures had lost their divine will after the Nether Race's ancestor was sealed. They turned into ordinary mud and were blasted into ashes.

After that, everyone's gaze landed on the Moon Palace's gate at the same time.

There was no longer the totem face there.

However, all the existences here knew that even without the gate god, this gate wouldn't be easy to open.

The captain laughed and puffed out his chest as he took a step forward.



"Seniors, spread out a little and please guard us. I'm the most experienced in opening doors. Junior Brother, you don't have to do anything this time. I'll blast open this gate myself!"

As he spoke, the captain lifted his right hand. Immediately, nine artificial suns danced out of his hand.

These nine suns emitted golden flames that emitted the aura of gods' aura. That fire… was the divine fire that absorbed the Divine Son. With the enhancement of this fire, these nine artificial suns were nine miniature versions of the Sun of Dawn!

Although they didn't know about the Sun of Dawn, the heir and the others had already sensed how terrifying these nine artificial suns were, so they spread out.

The Ancient Spirit Emperor took a few more glances before hiding again.

Seeing this, the captain looked even more smug. He waved his hand and shouted.

"Little Dumpling!"

"Blast open that old hag Crimson Goddess' door!"

At the next instant, one of the nine artificial suns suddenly flew out. The burning of its flames instantly reached the extreme. A terrifying aura erupted from within as it charged toward the Moon Palace's gate like a golden meteor.

"Protect me!" The captain was like a child who had lit a firecracker. He retreated crazily and headed straight for Xu Qing.

He was aware that staying near Xu Qing was the safest. After all, there was a high chance that the heir and the others wouldn't protect him, but they would definitely protect Xu Qing.

This was indeed the case. With a sway, Old Ninth stood in front of Xu Qing again. He lifted the sword in his hand and stood forward. The heir and the others also arrived quickly.

The instant they appeared, the meteor touched the gate.

A deafening sound surged into the sky and the entire Red Moon Star trembled intensely. The world distorted and everything became blurry.

One could only faintly see the artificial star exploding on the gate of the Moon Palace. The golden flames inside instantly swept through the entire gate and enveloped the Moon Palace, fighting against the red light.

The aura it emitted shook even the heir and his siblings. They felt a threat from the eruption of the artificial sun.

In particular, the power of the divine fire emitted by it revealed a terrifying intent. The Moon Palace quivered and the echoing fluctuations were like a storm, instantly covering the Red Moon Star.

Although this storm was blocked to a certain range by the heir and the others, it bypassed them and fanned out to affect other parts.

The sound was so loud that it spread throughout the Moon Worship Region.

 It was only after a long time that the storm weakened. Xu Qing immediately raised his head and looked over.

The Moon Palace still stood high above. The golden flames on it were extinguished and the red light spread again. As for the gate… although a deep dent had appeared, it still didn't open.

The captain suddenly jumped up. His eyes revealed madness as he shouted.

"Mid Dumpling!"

In the blink of an eye, an artificial sun that was several times larger than the first sun soared into the sky with a buzzing sound. It was also burning with golden flames but its aura was much more majestic than the Little Dumpling from before.

It headed straight for the Moon Palace's gate.

An even more earth-shattering sound erupted which seemed to replace all the sounds in the world, including its aftershock.

The Red Moon Star quivered and the Moon Worship Region rumbled. Even other regions could hear this earth-shattering explosion.

In fact, the divine fire that erupted this time dyed the Red Moon golden in that instant. Although the gate of the Moon Palace contained divine might, cracks still appeared under the direct bombardment at such a close distance.

The captain was excited and his eyes were filled with anticipation. Xu Qing also stared at the gate.

However, at this moment, a familiar cold snort rang out from the Moon Palace's gate.

As the cold snort echoed, the divine fire that expand to the gate was instantly extinguished. It was the same for the divine fire that filled the Moon Palace. The flames that enveloped the entire Red Moon Star were instantly extinguished by this cold snort.

The heir's expression changed as he was forced back. Princess Mingmei, the fifth princess, and Old Eighth's expressions also instantly changed. The fifth princess and Old Eighth even coughed out a large mouthful of blood and their pupils constricted.

Only Old Ninth's entire body emitted a baleful aura as he slashed forward.

An explosive sound rang out as Old Ninth's sword landed in the air, cutting through the invisible force and neutralizing the pressure. However, as the sword slashed down, the body of the sword couldn't withstand it and shattered into pieces.

Old Ninth was expressionless. He raised his hand and grabbed, and a second sword appeared in his hand. After that, he looked up and stared at the Moon Palace's gate.

The captain's eyes flickered with blue light as the remaining seven artificial suns began to burn.

He had already recognized that cold snort.

Xu Qing also naturally recognized it. Amidst the silence, the Moon Palace's gate that had yet to be opened slowly opened inwards.

It opened quietly.

It wasn't just a crack; it swung wide open, like it was awaiting the entry of everyone.

Through the opened gate, they could see the Moon Palace inside. It wasn't a hall but a blood-red sea.

This sea was vast and endless, with waves surging from it. Blood light illuminated the sky and everything.

In this sea of red, the most prominent features were the towering colossal figures standing on the sea.

One figure looked like a human but had three heads and six arms. There were also those who looked extremely bizarre. For example, one of them was completely made of bones and was extremely tall.

There was also one whose entire body was enveloped in tentacles, like a lump of irregular flesh.

There was one that was made of fog. Countless tiny fingers could be seen inside.

These figures had different appearances and were completely different from the myriad races outside.

Every one of them carried the aura of god, and emitted extremely terrifying energy that filled the blood sea.

If any one of them appeared outside, they would definitely cause a storm of blood in the Wanggu Continent.

This was because they… were all gods!

A total of 37!

In fact, Xu Qing even saw the god of the Immortal Forbidden Land!

That god's main body was a fish. Its current appearance was the same as in Xu Qing's memories.

According to Their auras, at least ten of these 37 gods far surpassed It. There were also two who… gave Xu Qing the feeling that They were equal to Crimson Goddess. Their divine might was so vast that his mind felt like it would collapse.

Moreover, They weren't corporeal and were just projections!

This place was a hell for gods.

"It's different from when I entered the Moon Palace back then. This Moonlight Sea should be in the depths but it appeared early now…"

"The existences in the Moonlight Sea are all projections of the gods that Crimson Goddess devoured!"

As the captain spoke in a low voice, Xu Qing's eyes narrowed. His gaze landed in the depths of the Moonlight Sea. There… a huge flower slowly appeared in the air surrounded by the projections of these 37 gods.

This flower was peerlessly beautiful, but this beauty exuded a sense of death.

The bright red color, the scattered stamens, and the curved flower leaves swayed between heaven and earth. There was also a faint tune drifting from there.

The flower gradually bloomed.

The petals slowly expand open.

At this moment, the entire world was filled with the smell of blood, sweet and pungent.

From afar, it looked like the claws of a malicious ghost, slowly reaching out to all lives.

And inside this blood-colored flower, a figure sat cross-legged.

This figure was a man. His eyes were closed and He didn't move at all, as though He was in a deep sleep.

His long red hair cascaded around Him, spreading over His body, extending into the flower petals and hanging below the blossoms.

The strands of hair intertwined with the flower stamens, blurring the distinction between them and enhancing the beauty of the flower.

His red robe also fused the man's existence with this red spider lily, as if… they were inherently one.

As for his peerlessly beautiful face, coupled with his ethereal temperament, if Xu Qing didn't know Him, he might find it hard to tell if He was a man or a woman.

This was because this beauty had reached the extreme of life. Or rather, it was a beauty of death that living creatures couldn't possess.

It was the same as this flower.

Atop this person's blood-red hair, there rested a crown of thorns. The thorns grew seamlessly within the flesh, natural and yet perfect.

The thorny crown moved, weaving a tapestry of anguished faces, constantly changing, each one unique but emitting the same silent wail of sorrow.

This wail was the music that echoed here.

"Zhang Siyun…"

This person was none other than Zhang Siyun!

Xu Qing wasn't surprised to see the other party here.

However, although he wasn't familiar with Zhang Siyun, they had interacted a little after all. Back then, he had even personally seen the other party being possessed by Crimson Goddess. After devouring the Immortal Forbidden god, He walked into the Red Moon.

The instant Xu Qing's gaze landed on Zhang Siyun, Zhang Siyun's eyelashes fluttered slightly. His eyes… slowly opened.

His blood-colored eyes emitted cold intent. Those were the eyes of Crimson Goddess, but they also contained Zhang Siyun's own aura.

"Long time no see, Xu Qing."































































The Red Moon Star rumbled.

As Zhang Siyun's voice echoed, it transformed into countless lingering sounds that spread in all directions like thunder.

It was as though all living beings were murmuring, shaking Xu Qing and the others' minds.

To be able to call out Xu Qing's name, this was enough to show that although Zhang Siyun was now an avatar of Crimson Goddess, His memories were still retained.

The two fused together.

"Crimson Goddess didn't devour his consciousness but preserved it, forming an independent personality!"

"So he's Zhang Siyun and also Crimson Goddess!"

The captain spoke solemnly.

"And in this state, he's even stronger!"

A cold glint flashed in the eyes of the heir and the others. While they looked at the scene beyond the gate of the Moon Palace, Old Ninth was the first to make a move.

His entire person transformed into a sword light with an imposing aura that headed straight for the gate. Wherever he passed, the void would shatter.

The heir and Princess Mingmei also rushed out, followed by their fifth sister and eighth brother.

Xu Qing and the captain followed from the back.

Since the Moon Palace gate had opened on its own, for everyone, even though the inside might be perilous, they couldn't stop now just because Zhang Siyun appeared.

In an instant, everyone approached the gate.

At the same time, within the Moonlight Sea and the red spider lily inside the gate, Zhang Siyun, clad in a red robe, looked at the people outside with a calm expression.



The moonlight scattered down. Amidst the waves of light, His peerlessly beautiful face exuded nobility. At this moment, He slowly lifted His right hand.

This hand was as white as jade, perfect and flawless, and had no palm lines.

Palm lines were a part of fate. However, at the levels They were in, gods were already outside of fate.

"Divine technique…"

Zhang Siyun spoke softly. He lifted his right thumb and tapped the first joint of his index finger.

The instant they came into contact, the sound of water dripping rang out. In the end, it transformed into two words that echoed in the minds of Xu Qing and the others.

"Fate Control."

A breeze blew past, stirring up waves in the Moonlight Sea and landing on the heir and the others who had stepped into the Moon Palace. As their clothes and hair fluttered, it also shook their fates.

Old Ninth, who was at the front, suddenly trembled and stopped. He couldn't take another step forward and his body underwent an astonishing change.

Countless overlapping scenes appeared on his body!

These scenes were all from his past. They contained the pain and torture after he was suppressed, as well as his beautiful life and cultivation journey before his father died.

Everything in his past surfaced on his body, turning into scenes that overlapped with his body.

That was his life in the past.

It wasn't just Old Ninth. Scenes of the past appeared on the heir, Princess Mingmei, the fifth princess, and Old Eighth.

Countless pasts formed on their bodies. It was as though everyone had turned into a book and every scene of the past had turned into the pages of the book!

Xu Qing and the captain were no exception.

The captain trembled all over as images continuously flashed over his body, depicting moments from the very instant of his birth until the present. However, his past lives weren't included, and the images focused solely on his current life.

Xu Qing experienced the same thing. Everything he had experienced since he was young was uncontrollably revealed.

Sorrow, joy, separation, and reunification, everything was displayed at the same time.

 But these images didn't include the god's fragmented-face or his brother's figure!

However, at this moment, Xu Qing had no energy to ponder over this matter. The sensation of past images resurfacing overwhelmed him with countless emotions in an instant.

This was no longer a method of cultivators, but that of a god.

Zhang Siyun looked indifferent as he lifted his thumb and tapped the second joint of his index finger. The moment it landed, the sound of water dripping echoed again.

The wind grew even stronger.

Fate fluctuated again.

It was impossible to resist or evade.

In the hands of god, fate was like a toy that could be adjusted at will, just like now… As His thumb landed and the sound of water dripping echoed…

Everyone's minds rumbled, as though millions of lightning bolts had exploded in their minds. The waves they stirred tore through the past, causing their past scenes to instantly flip.

It was as though they were being checked.

The god's aura and supreme pressure spread through the entire world at this moment.

The heir's eyes were red and his body trembled. He wanted to resist, and his siblings struggled too. However, it was futile, as their past fates continued to be scrutinized.

Only Old Ninth's aura churned and the flipping of the pages slowed down. However, he still couldn't stop it.

Due to their cultivation levels, it was equally difficult for the captain and Xu Qing to obstruct this power.

As everyone's memories were flipped through, images from the past quickly flew out of their bodies as though they were torn from books, heading straight for Zhang Siyun.

The torn-off scenes of the past, without exception, represented the most painful and tormenting moments in each person's life.

For example, the torn-off scenes of the heir and his siblings depicted their moments of devouring the flesh of their sibling, the tragic scenes of their suppression, and the wailing in extreme emotional states throughout their lives.

The captain was also trembling. Most of his torn-off scenes were scenes of him being hungry when he was undoing the seal. Among these many scenes, there were some that were unknown to others.

For example, in one of them, the captain was crying. He was walking alone in the darkness and his cries echoed inconsolably.

As for Xu Qing, his expression contorted, veins bulged on his forehead, and his breathing became rapid. But even the pain of having his memories torn apart right now couldn't be compared to a certain scene in the past.

That scene was in a jungle. It was raining and he was kneeling on the ground, wailing in pain, despair, and madness.

There was also a bloodied candied fruit in the scene.

This memory was the last thing Xu Qing wanted to recall. That was the moment his brother appeared in the Yinghuang Province and told him everything.

That was the most devastating breakdown Xu Qing had experienced in his life.

Compared to this, regardless of his experiences when he was young or his tragic life, they were insignificant. This memory was torn down at this moment and transformed into an image that flew toward Zhang Siyun.

Soon, all the most painful and tormenting moments in everyone's memories appeared around Zhang Siyun, forming a series of pictures that kept rotating.

"The sorrow of sentient beings arises because of the existence of beauty, creating a contrast…"

Zhang Siyun spoke softly. He lifted his right hand and placed his thumb on the first joint of his middle finger, tapping lightly.

A crisp sound landed in the world and echoed in everyone's minds, transforming into ripples that formed a storm that swept through their bodies.

In the end, it became a rumbling sound, an explosion, and an eruption.

At this moment, all the memories of the past that appeared outside began to shatter!

They shattered into pieces!

All the beauty, all the joy, all the cherishing, all the deep love… These moments and experiences were crumbling away.

Booming noises rang out from everyone's bodies as the scenes exploded layer by layer, forming illusory blood. Accompanied by uncontrollable heart-rending sounds, it splattered everywhere.

At this moment, resistance erupted.

The heir's long hair fluttered, forming countless snake shadows that rushed into his past memories. He used a method to alter his perception, confusing all the scenes and reinforcing himself.

Princess Mingmei, on the other hand, had the River of Time flowing throughout her body, continuously bringing up the shadows of her past from within, filling the space.

Old Eighth, on the other hand, solidified the joyous emotions in his heart, continuously spreading them.

Old Ninth's method was the simplest. Sharp swords flew out one after another from the scenes in his past and kept slashing in all directions. Every time they landed, the swords would collapse but shortly after, new swords formed again…

The captain's expression was distorted and a sinister expression appeared in his eyes. Cold air spread out from his body and froze the past.

As for Xu Qing, his Sundials were moving, his domain of forgetfulness was active, and his authority erupted. At the same time, he also understood why there was no fragmented-face of the god or Crown Prince Purple Green in his past images.

This was because, for some reason, the images of these two appeared in his purple crystal after Zhang Siyun unfolded this divine technique of controlling fate!

And when Xu Qing saw the scene clearly at this moment, a louder sound erupted in his mind than when the beautiful memories exploded.

The first scene was in the ruins of the slums. Xu Qing looked at the sky and saw the fragmented-face open Its eyes and stare at him…

The second scene was of Peerless City…

It was raining blood. The young him sat on the ground and hugged his knees while crying.

Before this, in Xu Qing's memories, he had cried for a long time before leaving this destroyed city.

However, in the scene in the purple crystal, he saw a different ending!!

In the scene, a familiar person stood in the sky. This person walked step by step to his crying self and raised his hand to gently touch his head.

"Brother, don't cry."

The moment these words rang out, Xu Qing saw a horrifying scene. With a resounding sound, his younger self's head shattered, and his body turned into pulp that scattered on the ground.

Dead.

Xu Qing's entire body trembled. Just as a huge commotion rose in his mind, every the pages outside his body were torn to pieces. In the end, what was left… was an empty book without pages.

Even if the others resisted, they wouldn't be capable to escape this outcome in the end!

"Without beauty, there will be no comparison. This way… every sentient creatures won't feel the meaning of sorrow."

Under the moonlight, Zhang Siyun's expression was calm with no fluctuations of emotions. His peerlessly beautiful face was like a statue. He stared at the mournful crowd and tapped the second joint of His middle finger with the thumb.

In the next moment, the painful and tormenting past scenes surrounding him instantly stopped rotating but trembled in place.

As they trembled, they were actually being copied and innumerable identical scenes appeared.

Looking at these, a smile appeared on Zhang Siyun's face. He lifted His thumb and placed it on the first joint of His ring finger. At the next instant… these scenes suddenly flew out and headed straight for Xu Qing and the others.

The empty books that caused everyone to collapse were quickly filled up and completed again.

However… in this complete past, there was no beauty, only their most painful and tormenting memories. This memory replaced every their pasts.

It would erupt constantly until they collapsed.

This was the power of a god.

This was a god's spell.































































In this world, there were many cultivators from all races who had once resisted the gods, but now… there were almost none left.

The reason for this was because all those who had resisted had been annihilated.

Only gods could match gods most of the time.

For countless years, other than the successful during the epochal battled led by the Ancient Sovereign Mystic Nether before his departure, there had been no such occurrences since then.

Gods were high and mighty. They couldn't be blasphemed or looked at directly.

Gradually, the matter of slaying a god became an impossible thing in the hearts of all races. In fact, just imagining it caused fear to rise in their hearts.

Because the power and terror of gods often surpass the understanding of cultivators, extending beyond the scope of their divine abilities and even transcending their comprehension.

The two sides… were on completely different levels.

In the eyes of the vast majority of cultivators, any god was indescribable. They were omniscient and omnipotent. Cultivators couldn't understand them. Everything about gods was mysterious and bizarre.

In the eyes of the gods, all living beings were simple. They could see their past and future at a glance. Even though this future was changing, this kind of vision was a manifestation of their status.

Only those cultivators who had cultivated to the peak could possess a similar level of cultivation that could make the god pay some attention to them.

It was just that… such peak-level cultivators were too few.

As for gods, there were those who became gods after they were born, and there were also existences who were born as gods.

Therefore, when cultivators were still relying on various magical techniques, such as wind, rain, thunder, lightning, metal, wood, water, and fire, those elements held no significance for the gods.

A god's attack was just like what Zhang Siyun showed. He only lifted His hand and easily grasped everyone's fate like he was fortune-telling.

In the eyes of the gods, there wasn't much difference between cultivators and mortals.



A slight tap could change their fates.

How could such power not make one feel despair?

Right now, regardless of whether it was the heir, Princess Mingmei, the captain, or Xu Qing, they no longer had any memories of the past. In fact, at this moment, it was as though they didn't recognize each other.

The only thing that existed was the continuous pain and torture in their respective memories.

Without beauty as a comparison, the remaining pain couldn't be described with the word 'pain'. It was inaccurate.

However, the torture brought about by this memory and the instinctive discomfort had no beginning or end.

It was hard to describe with words.

No one could withstand it.

For example, Xu Qing… At this moment, he was immersed in the scene of his breakdown back then.

He wanted to walk out, but all his memories were in this scene, forming a cycle. The past was, and the future was. There was no way out…

All of them were only standing outside the Moon Palace's gate, and hadn't even stepped in.

It was as though their thought of wanting to kill the god was just a joke.

"Mortal slaying a god?"

In the gate, Zhang Siyun, who was on the spider lily, shook his head gently. He lifted his right thumb and placed it on the second joint of his ring finger.

A light touch.

The sound of a broken bottle echoed in all directions, crisp and clear.

"Fate, collapse."

His voice echoed and landed in the world.

The captain's body trembled and cracks uncontrollably spread throughout his body. Even though the blue light emitted from his body had frozen him, it still couldn't stop this shattering.

 His body collapsed at this moment, turning into pieces of flesh that fell on the ground.

Xu Qing was next. Amidst the waves and confusion brought about by the second scene in the purple crystal, his world plunged into eternal darkness, where everything ceased to exist.

It was exactly the same as the scene after Crown Prince Purple Green's finger landed.

Next was Old Eighth. His body rumbled and the godly power brought about by the seven emotions and six desires was erased at this moment. His body couldn't hold on and collapsed.

After them were the heir and Princess Mingmei. Although they were Soul Accumulation cultivators, their great worlds were also in mourning. In these worlds, sentient beings suffered, withering away, and their vitality dimmed.

Next was Old Ninth, but he could still endure. At this moment, he slowly lifted his head and a sword gradually gathered in his trembling right hand. It was his last sword of life.

It was also his strongest sword strike. It was the pinnacle sword that the Ancient Spirit Emperor had seen earlier.

However, what the Ancient Spirit Emperor didn't see was that Old Ninth's last strike wasn't to kill but to protect.

The gate of the Moon Palace was slowly closing. Zhang Siyun shook His head and closed His eyes.

He lost interest and seemed to have turned into a statue, with no joy or sorrow.

Everything was over.

Old Ninth fell silent. Behind him was the fifth princess whose eyes were closed.

Her aged face had long lost its redness, appearing pale and lifeless. The scent of death lingered heavily around her. If it weren't for Old Nine's protection, she would have perished long ago.

At this moment, she silently gazed at her brother in front of her, then looked at the deceased figures around. She closed her eyes.

Gradually, a glow emanated from her body, gathering in front and slowly forming a flower.

The stamens swayed like lively life unfolding, while the petals continued to unfurl, exuding beauty.

The instant this flower appeared, the closing gate of the Moon Palace suddenly stopped.

Zhang Siyun suddenly opened His eyes and looked outside the gate.

That flower was also a spider lily!

It was the same as the one Zhang Siyun was sitting on.

However, its color was white.

As it bloomed, fifth princes aged.

She was burning herself, just as she did when she was born, using her life to save her siblings. Throughout her life, she burned herself again and again, saving everything.

While the other siblings had youthful faces, she alone, very early on, appeared aged, emanating an aura of twilight.

She knew that this was her mission.

She understood that this was her meaning.

She had once hated it, but in the end… she still chose to have no regrets.

As the flower bloomed and the fragrance of the flower spread, the heir's shattered body recovered immediately. Princess Mingmei, Old Eighth, the captain, and Xu Qing also revived.

Everyone revived at this moment. Their bodies reformed and their auras erupted again. Their emotions also stabilized.

The strangest thing was that their recollections of the past, which had collapsed under the divine technique, were also erased of all the pain and reconstructed.

This wasn't a reversal of time. Under the god's divine technique, unless one possessed the corresponding status, it was impossible for time to flow in reverse.

The fifth princess' spider lily was a blessing!

Just like there was a divine curse, there were also divine blessings in this world, but they were extremely rare.

This scene caused Zhang Siyun's expression to alter for the first time. He stared at the fifth princess outside the gate and spoke softly.

"Li Zihua is quite thoughtful, he sealed a god in your body in the future!"

"In the future, there will be a god within you, and the irreversibility of the god is like karma. So until the time when the god is sealed, you won't die!"

"As such, you can use your mortal body to cast divine techniques without limit. You can withstand the curse and give others blessings… Moreover, you could even hide it from my main body."

"However, although you won't die, you will age… and when you age to the extreme, your body will become an empty shell with no consciousness. Interesting. Which god is your body prepared for?"

Zhang Siyun muttered, revealing the fifth princess' secret!

As His voice echoed, outside the Moon Palace, the revived heir and the others quietly looked at Fifth Sister.

The fifth princess' aura was weak, and her aging became even more serious. Her entire person exuded the aura of death as she spat out a mouthful of blood.

However, a smile appeared on her face and she spoke hoarsely.

"This is the meaning of my existence."

When these words fell into everyone's ears and into Xu Qing's consciousness, his body quivered and his eyes slowly opened.

Everything that had happened earlier was like a nightmare. At this moment, the captain also opened his eyes and let out a long breath. His expression was a little gloomy and carried a rare baleful aura. Just now, at the critical moment, he had already summoned the high god but the other party had refused to come.

'Sooner or later, I'll kill this b*stard god who doesn't commit Herself until success is certain!'

The captain made up his mind. After that, he lifted his head and looked at Zhang Siyun, who was on the Moonlight Sea inside the gate, with a cold glint in his eyes.

The heir and the others also revealed cold gazes. Their gazes shifted away from the fifth princess and the moment they looked at Zhang Siyun, the heir moved.

He lifted his right hand and a black nail rapidly formed in his hand. It was none other than the ruler's nail.

The moment it formed, he bit the tip of his tongue and spat out a mouthful of blood. The shadow of the world manifested in this blood and fused into the nail.

That was his great world. He was using his great world to augment this nail!

At the side, Princess Mingmei and Old Eighth also circulated their cultivation to the extreme. Each of them sprayed out blood onto the nail. In an instant, the world shadows on the nail reached up to four!

Its aura was so strong that it instantly overflowed into the sky.

The surface cracked open, the black skin peeled away, revealing the white body of the ruler's nail inside. On the side, Old Ninth had a fierce expression; he raised his hand and grabbed the nail, allowing it to pierce through his palm, and a large amount of blood flowed into it.

Soon, the fifth and sixth shadows of the world manifested on the nail.

Their appearance shattered the last bit of black skin on the nail, revealing its white body fully.

It was as though a seal had been undone, displaying the true might of the ruler's nail.

Its aura caused an atmospheric phenomenon. The Red Moon Star swayed and a terrifying aura erupted. Old Ninth let out a deep shout and waved his bloodied right hand. As thunder exploded and the void collapsed, the nail transformed into a white light, heading straight for the gate of the Moon Palace!

"With the power of cognition, this nail will definitely hit!"

"With the method of time, everything in the past and prospects will be broken!"

"Using the ability of emotions, human nature defies the gods!"

"Using the Dao of Slaughter, it won't return without seeing blood!"

The heir and the others spoke in deep voices.

The white nail shuttled through time and space and instantly flew into the Moon Palace's gate, stirring up an earth-shattering momentum. It pierced through the air and separated the Moonlight Sea, forming a straight line.

The moonlight sea churned and the surroundings collapsed. This nail was like a hot knife through butter as it headed straight for Zhang Siyun on the spider lily!































































The Moonlight Sea exploded.

The blood water on the sea shot out to both sides, forming two walls of water, while in the middle, there was a straight and concave water mark, revealing the depths!

The white nail, shining with the shadows of six worlds, passed through everything in its path, and even the projections of the gods ahead couldn't stop it at all.

It penetrated through them easily.

Amidst the thunderous rumbling, three god projections collapsed and shattered.

At the next instant, the nail appeared in front of Zhang Siyun.

Carrying a monstrous aura and pressure, it neared His forehead.

Zhang Siyun was, after all, a clone of the Crimson Goddess. The level of His life exceeded comprehension. Just as the nail was about to land on His forehead, He moved his right hand. It seemed to be moving slowly, but it directly appeared beside the nail and pinched it gently with two fingers.

Under this pinch, Zhang Siyun's fingers and arm remained motionless, and so did His body. However, His robe emitted a rustling sound, as if a violent wind swept through.

His long red hair also fluttered fiercely, shaking the void behind him until the void shattered.

"Not bad."

Zhang Siyun's expression regained its calm. Just as He was about to throw the nail back, a sudden change occurred!

Although the white nail was clamped, its change was definitely not sprinting. At that moment, the color on it changed from white to green and then melted.

The nail transformed into tens of thousands of green threads that broke free from between Zhang Siyun's fingers and headed straight for His face at an even more astonishing speed.



Any one of those threads was comparable to magic treasures and emitted a terrifying aura. Their sharpness exceeded imagination. In addition, they were extremely close to Zhang Siyun at this moment, so they instantly touched His face.

Zhang Siyun frowned and exhaled.

The vapor from the breath was blood-red and came into contact with the threads.

The threads formed by the nail rapidly collapsed. However, there were four of them that were different from the others.

They were hidden among the many threads and penetrated the blood vapor, landing on Zhang Siyun's face!

Zhang Siyun's body instantly turned blurry as He attempted to dodge. However, the four threads formed by the enhancement of the heir and the others possessed irreversible characteristics.

Hence, in an instant, these four threads broke through Zhang Siyun's skin and entered.

While there was no blood flowing on Zhang Siyun's face, the four threads, like worms, twisted within the flesh, madly burrowing into His body.

In the process of rushing in, they continued to release the divine abilities of the heir and his siblings, withering and shattering Zhang Siyun's body.

Even though Zhang Siyun was an avatar of the Crimson Goddess, His body still came from the mortal world. Even though it had been modified, its essence still existed. In the blink of an eye, Zhang Siyun's entire body distorted, as though He was about to collapse.

However, His eyes were still calm, as though He didn't have the slightest emotion toward this pain. He only stood up from His cross-legged position and stepped back.

As He stepped back, He raised His hand and cut His own neck. Two fingers extended, reaching inside to pull out the threads within His body. At the same time, His left hand made a slight gesture towards the Moonlight Sea beneath His feet.

Immediately, the remaining 34 god projections suddenly opened Their eyes and looked in the direction of the gate. The auras on Their bodies rose and erupted.

The energy from the 34 gods caused the area to be filled with tearing power. It was as though all living beings would be destroyed in body and spirit here.

However, it couldn't stop the footsteps of the heir and the others. They rushed into the Moon Palace's gate and charged toward the god projections, attacking with their abilities.

The heir revealed his true appearance and even condensed the great world, forming a huge eye that looked at Zhang Siyun.

This eye wasn't the eye of a god but it had a similar effect. Everything it gazed upon became distorted, cognition was altered, and thoughts were influenced.

Even those god projections were affected.

After all, They were all dead and were just projections.

Princess Mingmei was equally terrifying. A spear appeared in her hand and armor appeared on her body. She stepped on the River of Time and her killing intent soared.

Old Eighth let out a deep shout. His voice was like a drumbeat, forming an illusory shadow that was like a heavenly demon. It drilled into a projection of the god, turning into human nature, aiming to subvert divinity.

 Old Ninth silently walked forward. The sword in his hand emitted a cold light. When he waved it, the color of the world changed and everything was slashed.

However, there were too many god projections here, and Zhang Siyun's finger had already pulled out a thread in this short period of time, searching for the second one.

It wouldn't be long before He took out all four threads.

Seeing this, Xu Qing and the captain, who were about to fly through the gate, stopped in their tracks.

It wasn't that they didn't want to enter, but this door was filled with terrifying power. It was difficult for their cultivation to resist it.

The captain looked a little awkward.

"Little Qing, don't you have the feeling that this looks like it has nothing to do with us anymore? It doesn't seem to matter whether we're around or not."

Xu Qing silently nodded.

"But we clearly started all of this. We're the source. Everything should be under my control. Without us, they wouldn't have been able to come." The captain was a little unwilling and spoke angrily.

"This can't continue!"

The captain gritted his teeth. Especially after the previous incident of summoning the god being rejected, he felt somewhat embarrassed. He let out a cold snort and prepared to do something to prove his worth.

At the thought of this, he took out two Suns of Dawn and gave one to Xu Qing.

He then said to Xu Qing.

"You throw one too, let's make our presence known!"

With that, the captain threw it from outside the gate and immediately hid behind the gate.

The Sun of Dawn charged in and exploded violently. Terrifying energy fluctuations swept in all directions. At the same time, a piercing light covered the whole place.

Under this light, the gods' projections actually blurred, but they were becoming clear again.

Seeing that it wasn't of much use, the captain raised his brows. Just as he was about to call out to Xu Qing to throw it out as well, Xu Qing stared at the projections that were rapidly becoming clear.

The overall color of these projections was pitch-black. Previously, Xu Qing hadn't made too many connections. Now that he saw Them becoming blurry under the eruption of the Sun of Dawn, this scene made him fall into deep thought and he suddenly spoke.

"Senior Brother, wait a moment."

As he spoke, blood rose from Xu Qing's body. Although he couldn't step into the Moon Palace, he had authority.

At that moment, he controlled the blood outside his body to spread into the gate and fuse with the moonlight sea inside.

In an instant, waves rose on a small area of the sea and they were still spreading. However, this commotion didn't have much impact on this battle.

However, Xu Qing's goal wasn't to attack directly.

He controlled his blood and did his best to spread the power of his authority on the Moonlight Sea, even though the blood was constantly thinning out.

However, he went all out. After his blood barely covered more than half of the surface of the water, Xu Qing was unable to continue and suddenly spoke.

"Eldest Senior Brother, throw three Suns of Dawn inside. Don't explode them, make them release luminescence and completely illuminate the inside!"

Just like how Xu Qing wouldn't hesitate to listen to the captain's words, the captain also didn't hesitate. He immediately took out three Suns of Dawn and threw them into the Moon Gate.

In an instant, the three Suns of Dawn trembled on the Moonlight Sea and erupted with intense and piercing light.

Under the cover of the light, the entire Moonlight Sea lit up. The god's projections inside immediately turned blurry and dim, as though They couldn't form under the strong light.

Ordinary projections wouldn't be like this. However, They were clearly abnormal. The way They existed… was actually somewhat similar to Xu Qing's shadow.

At the same time, the veins on Xu Qing's forehead bulged. Using his blood as a medium, he sent the Moon Rebel Mirror… into the Moonlight Sea!

In that instant, the Moon Rebel Mirror borrowed Xu Qing's gore and directly teleported into the Moon Gate, spreading out on the Moonlight Sea. As the surface of the sea rumbled, a huge mirror appeared.

With the appearance of the mirror, the already brightly lit world here experienced an exponential increase in brightness due to the reflection. Everything seemed to be engulfed in this radiant light, reaching the utmost brilliance.

Only endless light was left, erupting like never before.

Those god projections also disappeared under this light.

However, this clearly couldn't solve the fundamental problem. The light couldn't last for too long. Once it dimmed, the god's projections would appear again.

However, to the heir and the others, the disappearance of the gods' projections had bought them an extremely advantageous opportunity. At that moment, under the envelopment of this strong light, they quickly rushed out and headed straight for Zhang Siyun.

As for Zhang Siyun, this was also the first time He frowned. He had already extracted three of the four threads in His body. This last thread was extremely hidden and it would take some time to extract it.

"Resistance of ants."

Zhang Siyun calmly spoke and stepped back once again, pressing down on the Moonlight Sea with His palm.

"Red Moon."

As soon as he spoke, the Moonlight Sea rumbled. As it churned intensely, the blood-red seawater actually rose layer by layer, growing taller and taller. After it surpassed the height Zhang Siyun was at, it completely stood up!

The endless seawater formed a huge palm!

The blood-red palm was extremely astonishing, reaching the sky above and the deep pit on the ground below. There were no palm lines on the palm; it was the hand of Zhang Siyun, the hand of the god.

An earth-shattering and majestic air swept toward the rushing heir and the others as the palm landed.

Wherever it passed, everything would crumble and nothing would exist. The Moon Rebel Mirror blocked the palm and withstood the immense pressure from the god, showing signs of shattering.

The expressions of the heir and the others changed and they immediately retreated. The captain also took a deep breath. Blue luminescence flashed in his gaze and he shouted inwardly.

"Moon Flame, if you still don't come, this meal will be canceled!!"

Xu Qing's expression was solemn. As he retreated, he took a deep breath and focused on the purple crystal.

Although Zhang Siyun's fate control divine technique had been neutralized and Xu Qing's past memories had recovered, the two scenes from the past still existed in his purple crystal.

He had a feeling that he seemed to be able to… release those two scenes from the past…

"What will happen if they are released?"

Xu Qing fell silent.































































The instant his thoughts rose, on the Moonlight Sea, a huge blood-colored palm continued to slam toward everyone.

It swept through everything in the blink of an eye, approaching the heir and the others.

As for the ex-wife the captain mentioned, She still didn't come.

When Xu Qing saw this from outside the gate, determination flashed in his eyes. He didn't know what would happen after the scenes in the purple crystal appeared. However, now that he saw that the heir and the others seemed to be powerless to resist, he could only do his best to help.

However, the instant the purple crystal in Xu Qing's body shone, the heir and the others each used their trump cards. Waves of ancient aura erupted from their bodies.

"Father!" The heir let out a deep shout and the same voice rang out from Princess Mingmei and the others.

Immediately, the statue of Ruler Li Zihua under the Red Moon Star trembled.

Its awakening intent became even more intense. In fact, the statue's eyelids were trembling at this moment, as though they were about to open.

Its breath spread out from its mouth and quickly enveloped the Red Moon Star, surging into the Moon Palace as though it was augmenting its descendants.

In the Moon Palace, time flashed and laws descended. Sword light shook the sky. The power of the heir and the others gathered together to form six phantoms of great worlds that came into contact with the blood-red palm.

An earth-shattering sound erupted with a world-destroying aura.



The six great worlds each withered.

The heir spat out a mouthful of blood, and the armor around Princess Mingmei's body collapsed. Old Eighth's entire body was badly mangled, and Old Ninth's sword collapsed again. Blood also flowed out of the corner of his mouth.

However, their blood didn't scatter in all directions. Instead, it gathered and fused with the ruler's breath that surged into this place, forming a huge illusory finger.

This finger emitted a terrifying aura and pressed down forcefully on the palm in front of them.

The Red Moon trembled and the Moon Palace swayed. The blood-red palm suddenly stopped. The Moon Rebel Mirror on it emitted cracking sounds at this instant. As cracking sounds echoed, the Moon Rebel Mirror directly collapsed and shattered into pieces, transforming into a large number of mirror lenses that spread in all directions.

Its collapse affected the Red Moon's palm.

This massive palm was also shattered. Its five fingers were torn apart by the mirror fragments and landed on the ground one after another, emitting roaring sounds as they turned into a sea of blood again.

It was the same for the palm. In the blink of an eye, it was separated. The moment it landed, the world in the Moon Palace was replaced by countless broken mirrors.

They floated in all directions.

As for the heir and the others, they were all exhausted and their faces were pale. Zhang Siyun had already grabbed the last thread and was slowly pulling it out.

Seeing this, Old Ninth took a deep breath. His eyes instantly revealed sharpness and cold air emerged from his body. His entire person stood straight like a sharp sword that had been unsheathed.

His stare locked onto Zhang Siyun and he slowly lifted his right hand. The fragments of the Moon Rebel Mirror in the surroundings were actually controlled by him. They rotated in the world and reflected Old Ninth's figure from different angles.

In an instant, Old Ninth's body materialized on the countless fragmented mirror lenses.

Countless Old Ninth's raised right hand revealed the sun, moon, and stars, as well as law threads. At this moment, his shoulders also shone, forming two large worlds.

The moment the worlds on his shoulders appeared, they began to burn.

As the endless flames spread, it could be seen that all the living beings in these two great worlds raised their right hands and a sword materialized in them.

Their sword qi gathered, filling the world and Old Ninth's entire body. Finally, it gathered in his right hand and… formed a sword!

As soon as this sword appeared, the color of the world changed.

There was more than one Old Ninth here. Among the countless fragments of the Moon Rebel Mirror, every one of them reflected the figure holding the sword. At that moment, they all lifted their heads and glanced at Zhang Siyun.

Zhang Siyun's fingers that were stuck in his neck paused. He lifted his head and glanced at Old Ninth with a solemn expression.

on his shoulders, the swords of all living beings landed, and all the figures in the Moon Rebel Mirror slashed at the same time.

The instant their gazes met, Zhang Siyun waved his left hand. The moonlight sea churned again, forming a blood-colored palm that blasted toward Old Ninth.

At this moment, Old Ninth spoke in a low voice.

"Execute!"

 The instant the word was spoken, the sword in his hand landed. In the great worlds on his shoulders, the swords of all living beings landed, and all the figures in the Moon Rebel Mirror slashed at the same time.

A single sword strike shook the heavens and ten thousand swords shocked the soul.

Every fragment of the Moon Rebel Mirror emitted a sword light at this instant. After they gathered together, they formed a large sword that shook the world.

This sword shone with resplendent light and contained supreme power as it slashed at Zhang Siyun.

The wind and clouds surged, the world rumbled, and the void collapsed.

This was Old Ninth's strongest strike. Coupled with the enhancement of the Moon Rebel Mirror fragments, its might also soared explosively. At this moment, as it whistled, it directly collided with the blood-red palm.

The palm rumbled and trembled intensely. Its five fingers bent, as though it wanted to pinch the large sword.

However, the next moment, the palm exploded, forming a rain of blood. The five fingers that fell were also affected, shattering and resonating with thunderous roars, turning into misty blood that surged violently in all directions.

The power of this sword didn't dissipate. After destroying the palm, its aura was like a rainbow as it approached Zhang Siyun with destructive force. The moment it descended, Zhang Siyun backed away and the spider lily under his feet rapidly bloomed, blocking in front.

Rumbling sounds dispersed throughout the Red Moon Star through the Moon Palace.

The strange blood-red spider lily actually couldn't stop the power of the sword. After coming into contact with it, it was slashed into pieces by the sword light.































































However, it still neutralized a portion of the sword's might. At this moment, when it scattered, the sword energy fell in front of Zhang Siyun. Zhang Siyun raised His left hand and pressed forward.

His entire body trembled and His clothes exploded, His hair scattering in all directions. The void behind Him collapsed and He was forced back. Cracks appeared on his palm and drops of golden blood splattered out.

After taking five steps back, Zhang Siyun's body paused and He lifted His head.

"This sword strike is truly amazing."

As He spoke softly, the sword light in front of His palm dimmed and gradually dissipated in everyone's eyes.

Everyone fell silent and their gazes dimmed along with the sword light.

Killing a god seemed like a joke.

After Zhang Siyun finished speaking, He slowly retracted His right hand from His neck and grabbed a thread with two fingers.

This was the last thread in His body. As He took it out, He gently pinched it with two fingers. Immediately, this thread collapsed and turned into ashes.

Zhang Siyun's expression became calm again. With a wave of His hand, the ripped spider lily in the surroundings returned and landed on His clothes, becoming an embroidery.

After that, He took a step forward.

No one could evade Him. Even though the heir and the others retreated rapidly, they couldn't escape. In an instant, Zhang Siyun appeared in front of the fifth princess.



A finger landed.

The fifth princess looked bitter. At this moment, the heavily injured Old Eighth laughed bitterly and his emotions collapsed. Seven emotions and six desires erupted from his body, forming a five-colored light.

The instant Zhang Siyun's finger was about to land, he swapped places with his fifth sister.

In that instant, the fifth princess disappeared and Old Eighth's figure appeared. The moment he glared at Zhang Siyun, Zhang Siyun's finger landed on Old Eighth's forehead.

A light touch.

Old Eighth's body trembled and with a bang, he turned into blood mist.

Old Eighth's death caused the heir and the others to be filled with grief and indignation. They wanted to stop him, but they couldn't do anything to Zhang Siyun. With a sway of His body, He ignored everything and appeared in front of the fifth princess again.

"Because a god was sealed in you in the future, you won't die due to the irreversible nature. However… I'm also a god."

Zhang Siyun spoke softly and His finger fell down again.

The heir roared mournfully and Princess Mingmei's expression was heart-rending. Old Ninth pressed his right hand on his forehead and pulled, taking out the last sword of his life. The three of them moved and approached Zhang Siyun.

Zhang Siyun was indifferent. He suddenly turned His head, rotating halfway around His neck. He looked calmly at the three approaching figures and spoke softly.

"One, two, three."

As soon as he finished speaking, a huge restraining force covered the heir and his siblings.

The bodies of the heir and the other two paused, unable to move.

Only Old Ninth managed to rush out despite bleeding from his seven orifices. However, Zhang Siyun's finger had already came down and touched the space between the fifth princess's brows.

However, at that moment, Zhang Siyun frowned slightly. He instantly pulled back His right hand and stepped back.

The instant He stepped back, the fifth princess' figure blurred and transformed into a black cloak.

It was the Ancient Spiritual Emperor who had been hiding.

He was very afraid of the Crimson Goddess, so He didn't make a move previously. Even though Zhang Siyun was injured by Old Ninth's sword strike, He was cautious and didn't appear.

But now, He had made a move.

This was because He had seen the fifth princess' role and understood the meaning of Zhang Siyun wanting to kill her.

Hence, He couldn't let Him continue.

This wasn't to help the heir and the others, but to really be able to eat Crimson Goddess.

 Hence, after the cloak appeared, a deep mouth grew out of the eye and bit at Zhang Siyun, who was retreating.

With a cracking sound, the large bite missed.

However, this wasn't the end. The black cloak instantly rushed out, ignoring Zhang Siyun's divine might and status. It suddenly rose and directly enveloped him.

At the same time, the heir and the others no longer had Zhang Siyun's gaze on them. They also broke free from their restraints and attacked Zhang Siyun with Old Ninth.

However, the heir and Princess Mingmei were forced back soon after. As blood filled the air, cracks appeared on Old Ninth's sword and he similarly was forced back. As for Zhang Siyun…

He, who was covered by the black cloak, emitted nine consecutive flashes of blood light. A heart-rending sound rang out from the black cloak, and it rotated blood-red at a speed visible to the naked eye.

The eye inside quickly rose, wanting to leave. However, as the sound of swallowing rang out, Zhang Siyun's voice changed its tone and echoed in all directions.

"I smelled your fragrance just now. I didn't expect you to be able to endure until now."

The eye of the Ancient Spirit Emperor narrowed. At the next instant, a thorned halo emerged above Him. All the faces inside opened their eyes in unison, expressing a mix of pain and anticipation as they gazed toward the Ancient Spirit Emperor's eye.

They immediately pounced toward Him.

The eye of the Ancient Spirit Emperor immediately rotated blurry. After all, He was an existence that had once unified the Wanggu Continent. Facing such a crisis, He didn't panic at all. After casting a deep glance at Zhang Siyun, He collapsed on His own and turned into lumps of flesh.

The moment the eye shattered, Zhang Siyun's body also changed.

The wound on His neck that had already recovered tore open and spread to half of His body. At the same time, the wound formed on His right when He blocked Old Ninth's sword also erupted and spread to the other half of His body.

As such, at this moment, Zhang Siyun's entire body was covered in blood. His injuries seemed to have heavily intensified and He gazed like cracked glass.































































This was the authority of the Ancient Spirit Emperor!

Under His gaze, all minor injuries would become serious injuries and all serious injuries would result in death.

Moreover, His status was high, so even Zhang Siyun couldn't suppress His attack instantly.

Zhang Siyun appeared extremely disheveled, bearing severe injuries. However, despite the gravity of His condition, saliva involuntarily dripped from His mouth. He gazed into the distance, where a void stretched, and a smile formed on His face.

"You must be delicious."

As He spoke, Zhang Siyun suddenly turned His head and looked at Princess Mingmei.

Behind Princess Mingmei, the void distorted and the River of Time was forcefully revealed. One could see the fifth princess' figure inside. As for the dead Old Eighth, he was currently reviving with the fifth princess' blessing.

"So, you hid her here."

"That's alright, now you are all in one place."

Zhang Siyun's battered body ascended into the air, and His shattered half-arm lifted. His fingers landed on the center of His own forehead.

Countless overlapping scenes immediately appeared behind Zhang Siyun.

These scenes were all His past!

It wasn't Crimson Goddess' but Zhang Siyun's Himself.

The beginning of the scene was His birth. In fact, Xu Qing even saw Yao Yunhui in it.

These were Zhang Siyun's entire life.



The end of the scene wasn't at this moment, but… the moment Crimson Goddess landed from the blood-red sky of Fenghai County's Immortal Forbidden!

From that moment on, Zhang Siyun's fate had changed. He no longer belonged to himself.

Zhang Siyun's expression remained indifferent as he viewed his own past. He lifted His hand and pinched the last scene in His memories, pulling it out and placing it in front of him.

The blood-red sky and Crimson Goddess' finger in the scene were a shocking sight.

Zhang Siyun waved His arm slightly. Immediately, the scene shook and rapidly expanded.

The world in the scene spread to this place and covered the world here!

The endless sky was blood-red, and the ground was in ruins.

It was as though this place had turned to the Immortal Forbidden Land.

Even Xu Qing and the captain, who were outside the gate, were enveloped by the scene. Their hearts stirred as they looked at their familiar surroundings.

It was impossible for Xu Qing to forget this place, as it was where he had truly seen Crimson Goddess back then.

At that time, Zhang Siyun, who was possessed by Crimson Goddess, was fighting against the Fishbone God of the Immortal Forbidden. Or to be precise, He wasn't fighting but eating.

When He was about to finish eating, the Fishbone God called out to His master, the master of the land of the wicked.

After that… Crimson Goddess' main body descended.

That scene was reforming here. The sky fluctuated and countless cracks appeared as the red color spread. They were merging with each other and transforming into countless runes, now shimmering brightly.

The entire sky turned dark red and started spinning. It became faster and faster and finally transformed into a blood-red vortex.

A moon faintly appeared in the vortex.

It was Red Moon!

This scene was extremely bizarre. Xu Qing and the others were clearly on the Red Moon, but when they lifted their heads now, the vortex they saw also had the Red Moon.

Upon the Red Moon, stood a statue in a kneeling position, hands covering its eyes.

At that moment, the statue slowly lowered its hands.

 Its lips curled up, revealing intense greed.

This was the true form of Crimson Goddess!

The world rumbled. From Zhang Siyun's memory, Crimson Goddess of the past slowly stood up and walked out of the vortex.

As She walked out, endless blood splattered out of the vortex, far surpassing Zhang Siyun's divine might. It was extremely vast as it descended from the sky.

In front of Her, Soul Accumulation wasn't qualified to attack.

The bodies of the heir and the others rumbled, and they immediately retreated.

At this moment, death enveloped everything.

Withering had become eternal.

Rotting couldn't be reversed.

Couldn't resist, couldn't block.

At this critical moment, the captain suddenly laughed. This smile was sinister and his eyes were filled with madness.

"My f*cking ex-wife is not reliable, I still have to rely on myself!"

As he spoke, the captain's entire body flickered with blue light. There were layers of faces in his eyes and countless mouths grew out of his body. He gazed extremely strange as his body rose into the air.

He unlocked his arms and withstood the divine might from Crimson Goddess, his body rotting rapidly.

The more agonizing it was, the more rotted he became, the more intense the madness in the captain's eyes. At that moment, he unlocked all his mouth and let out a shout.

"Past life!"

His voice echoed, forming lightning explosions. Blue light erupted and shaped a sea of light from which a corpse walked out.

This was the body of the high priest. It was fused with the captain's past life body parts.

The moment he appeared, the captain shouted.

"Junior Brother, I'll risk it!"

As he spoke, his body swayed and he directly fused into his past life body.

At the next instant, the eyes of his past life body suddenly opened. Soul Accumulation cultivation erupted into the sky and a terrifying fluctuation rose. The phantom of a huge mosquito vaguely appeared behind him.

This mosquito emitted evilness. Its eyes were also blue like the captain's and uncovered greed.

After it was formed, the captain dashed toward the Crimson Goddess who was walking over from the vortex in the sky.

Wherever he passed, the cold air spreading from him shook the void around him. Ice shaped and covered his entire body as well as the phantom behind him. In the blink of an eye, an ice sculpture of a mosquito formed in the sky and dashed into the vortex, toward Crimson Goddess.































































This scene caused the expressions of the heir and the others to change.

It was just that… even in his previous life, the captain had failed in resisting Crimson Goddess. At this moment, even if he erupted like this, there was still a huge difference. Hence, at the next instant, as Crimson Goddess' gaze landed on him, the mosquito ice sculpture that had formed around him instantly collapsed.

However, the captain could use many other methods with his past life body. Hence, in the blink of an eye, the captain's body disintegrated on its own.

It transformed into countless blue worms.

These worms all grew the wings of mosquitoes. Not only did they have the proboscis of mosquitoes, but they also had sinister mouths. They rushed crazily toward Crimson Goddess.

There were also some worms that spat out threads, forming a strand of hair. They spread across the hair, shaping it into the form of a door frame.

An ancient wooden door was forcefully manifested.

After that, those worms bit fiercely at the door.

In the blink of an eye, cracks appeared on the wooden door and an angry roar rang out.

All of this took a long time to describe but in reality, it happened in the blink of an eye.

A portion of the blue worms rushed toward Crimson Goddess, a portion formed the wooden door, and a portion gnawed at it.

Crimson Goddess of the past scene finally stopped in Her tracks.

However, it was only for a moment. As She took another step, the color of the world changed. Everything was dissipating under Her step!

The blue worms that got close let out heart-rending cries and turned into dust.



It was the same for the worms that formed the wooden door. However, the wooden door itself still existed. The roars from inside erupted in the world.

However, the existence inside the door didn't appear. She had chosen to hide in this confrontation. The entire wooden door rapidly blurred, as though it was about to However, in his mind, a storm was forming!

The moment Eldest Senior Brother said that he would fight to the death, Xu Qing sank leave.

At that moment, a drastic change that shook the sky and was enough to make all the gods tremble was brewing in Xu Qing's mind!

At that moment, he was on the ground in an inconspicuous corner, looking insignificant.

However, in his mind, a storm was forming!

The moment Eldest Senior Brother said that he would fight to the death, Xu Qing sank his divine consciousness into the purple crystal and fused it into the first scene.

In that scene, the god's fragmented-face opened Its eyes.

He didn't know what would happen if he displayed it, but at this moment, Xu Qing couldn't care less. As his divine consciousness fused into it and he controlled the purple crystal, that scene became clearer and clearer.

Gradually, the scene occupied everything in the purple crystal and spread into Xu Qing's body until… it materialized outside his body!

The moment it appeared, a gust of wind blew past.

A wind chime-like sound rang out in this ruined world.

This space that was enveloped by Zhang Siyun's memory trembled violently in the wind and the ground instantly changed.

The ruins of the Immortal Forbidden were like paper, turning into wasteland as the wind blew past it.

This place was no longer the Immortal Forbidden but a small city. It was bleak, dead, and silent.

The sky also changed in the wind. Blood rain fell down, but it had nothing to do with the Red Moon's authority. The world was blurry and distorted.

Everything withered.

Crimson Goddess stopped in Her tracks. She was trembling.

The door that was leaving froze at this moment. The bellow inside disappeared and She was also trembling.

On the ground, the heir and the others also shivered.

There was also a sharp sound that echoed from the void.

 This sound came from Zhang Siyun.

And the source of all this trembling… was in the sky.

Over there, there was a supreme existence that suppressed Wanggu and was revered by even the gods.

It was a fragmented-face.

It was a vast face that covered the world and all living beings.

The fragmented face had Its eyes closed, aloof and lofty, with only strands of withered, curly hair hanging down.

It was as if beneath It, all creatures were mere ants. The living tendencies and lifestyle of the myriad of creatures had no choice but to alter under Its influence.

And at that moment, It… unsealed Its eyes.































































The fragmented-face's eyes opened only a crack.

The instant this gap appeared, Xu Qing's body rumbled. An indescribable intense pain drowned him like furious waves.

His body started to explode little by little, and the meridians and bones in his body also shattered.

He couldn't hold on anymore and fell to the ground.

His soul and cultivation also showed signs of dimming at this moment.

It was as though he had become a candle that was burning everything, serving as the driving force for the god's fragmented-face to open Its eyes.

However, his cultivation was insufficient. The fragmented-face's eye opening slightly had almost drained him completely.

But even so, even with just a narrow slit in the fragmented-face's eyes, it instantly plunged the world within the Moon Palace into absolute silence.

The Crimson Goddess' past figure let out a wail. Her body was actually melting, emitting red fog that was constantly thinning, as though it was being erased.

The wooden door beside it shook intensely and was decaying. Black gas rose from it and an extremely terrified voice rang out.

"Father…"

The heir and the others were pale and their bodies were being seriously invaded. Xu Qing's move didn't distinguish between foes and allies. As long as they were in this world, they would be affected.

The captain was affected as well. He had fused into his past life body and transformed into a large number of blue worms. Although the vast majority of them had collapsed while resisting Crimson Goddess and devouring the wooden door, there were still a few hidden on the ground.

Originally, they were fusing with each other, reassembling their body. But now… they were screaming in fright.

However, this horror didn't seem to come from the fragmented-face of the god in the sky but from the Red Moon Star itself.



This was because the captain's gaze was on the land of the Red Moon as he screamed… He seemed to want to say something but his words were strangely unable to come out.

At that moment, if someone could look down on the Red Moon from a high altitude, they would be able to see that the Moon Palace's world was also affected.

The ruined city that stood tall on the ground was a blur, as hazy and silent as a ghost's domain.

The sky dimmed and bolts of lightning tore through the sky, causing the entire world to shine.

However, there was no sound of thunder, only the rain falling silently.

As for the fragmented-face of the god high in the sky, It showed no joy or sorrow. Coldness seemed to be Its only expression. It was as though to It, be it cultivators, mortals, or even high gods…

There wasn't much difference.

The anomalous substances from the fragmented-face erupted at this moment, like the source of everything, invading everything.

Its domineeringness and terror were far from what other gods could compare to. Or rather, even gods would be invaded by it.

After all, on the Wanggu Continent, Its gaze could create a forbidden zone. If It looked at a forbidden zone, it would transform into a forbidden region.

If It looked at the forbidden region, it would become a Divine Realm!

The Moon Palace itself was also a type of Divine Realm… No one knew what would happen if the god's fragmented-face looked at a Divine Realm.

In the entire Wanggu Continent, ever since the god's fragmented-face appeared, such a thing had never happened. The god's fragmented-face had only gazed at a place three times.

Its gaze had formed Divine Realms before, but after Divine Realms were formed, It had never gazed at them again!

Although the fragmented-face that appeared now was only an image from Xu Qing's memory, the god's fragmented-face was too high-level. Despite the eyes in the scene being far less potent than the actual entity, They still possessed a certain divine power.

Thus, at this moment, a scene unfolded—an unprecedented event in the countless years of Wanggu.

The god's fragmented-face's eye looked at the Divine Realm…

The Moon Palace and the entire Red Moon Star instantly froze and developed in an unknown direction!

This development was incomparably profound.

Firstly, regardless of whether it was the Moon Palace or the Red Moon Star, they seemed to have been isolated from the time in the Wanggu Continent. The entire Red Moon Star and the Moon Palace instantly decayed and formed again.

 The mountain rocks, the palace, and everything on the star were changing.

This change was related to time.

The flow of time on the Red Moon Star had become violent!

The entire star would occasionally reveal an ancient landform, and sometimes it would shatter into pieces and be destroyed. During this time, it kept changing, as though it was jumping through different nodes of time extremely fast.

Only the Red Moon Star was like this. Outside the star, everything was normal.

This change caused everyone to be shocked and horrified.

The trembling voice of the Moon Flame High God came from behind the wooden door.

"Stop!"

"If Father looks at the Divine Realm, it will form a great terror!"

"Stop!!"

The Moon Flame High God let out a shrill cry. This sound had the power to pierce the minds of anyone.

However, the Red Moon was jumping countless nodes of time, so the voice couldn't travel far. In the end, She transmitted Her voice to Erniu.

At the next instant, Erniu's body that was forming trembled and the uncontrollable screams stopped. The horror in his eyes was incomparably dense as he looked at Xu Qing and hurriedly spoke.

"Little Qing, stop quickly!"

"Once the god's fragmented-face looks at the Divine Realm… the Divine World will appear!"

"The Divine World can't be understood and is a great terror!"

The captain anxiously crawled toward Xu Qing.

However, at this moment, Xu Qing's consciousness had already fallen into emptiness. There was no self or spirit, only instinct driving his eyes. He lay there and looked at the changes in the Red Moon Star.

In his perception, time seemed to have become a straight line with a beginning and an end. The Red Moon Star was on this straight line but it wasn't fixed. Instead, it kept jumping, appearing anywhere on this line.

Every time it flashed, it would be at a different time point and it was shifting faster and faster. Finally, it turned into a blur.

Amidst this blurriness, the next level of changes also manifested.

A second Red Moon Star appeared outside the Red Moon Star!

Next was the third, fourth… After that, countless Red Moon stars occupied everything in the void.

"Space-time… lost control…" The captain's voice trembled even more.

"At the start, the fragmented-face's gaze brought the concept of time in the Red Moon which made it become turbulent, jumping through time violently. After that… it was given space, giving rise to countless spaces and countless Red Moon.

"Becoming space-time, it is both one and countless."

The captain screamed and used all his strength to crawl.

The Red Moon had become countless.

Originally, each of these Red Moon stars was jumping in their own time and space, flickering in their own time. However, now that countless Red Moons had appeared, they… were no longer limited to their own time and space.

Instead, they jumped out and the spacetime between them became a mess. They continuously overlapped and spread out. Sometimes, there would be several overlapping, and sometimes, there would be hundreds or thousands of them merging. They surrounded each other, scattered in all directions, and intertwined.

There was no order or rules!

The pressure Xu Qing and the others felt during this period had already reached the extreme. At this moment, regardless of whether it was the gods or cultivators, they were equal!

This was because they couldn't face or resist this phenomenon.

They all collapsed and blood flowed out.

This lasted until the blurry Red Moon stars fused together, causing all spacetime to turn hazy.

And after the haziness… it was as though there was something else.

Xu Qing gazed over in a daze. Just as he was about to take a closer look, his body trembled. The world of the Red Moon Star instantly froze and halted moving again.

Not only did this place not move, but the other Red Moon Stars also stopped.

Immediately after, they all shattered as though they no longer had the power to continue sublimating!

The Red Moon stars shattered and dissipated completely, as though they had never appeared. In the end, only the one Xu Qing was on was left. The concept of time also dissipated.

Everything that happened before was now unraveling in reverse.

At the next instant, the Red Moon Star and the Moon Palace recovered. Everything returned to normal. As for the ruins on the ground of the Moon Palace, they vanished at that moment. The god's fragmented-face in the sky also disappeared.

From the start to the end, Its eyes only opened a tiny gap.

In the end, Xu Qing's strength wasn't enough for It to completely open Its eyes.

The scene of the god's fragmented-face opening Its eyes was also gone from his purple crystal.

As everything recovered, the time of the Crimson Goddess from Zhang Siyun's memories in the air shattered. Even Her body turned into ashes.

As time passed, Zhang Siyun's figure was revealed.

His body trembled as He stood there. His calm expression was long gone, replaced by extreme horror. At the same time, His body was rapidly aging and gradually dissipating.

The wooden door of the Moon Flame High God shook and quickly hid.

As for the heir and the others, they had already lost consciousness.

The captain… was crawling beside Xu Qing, mouth wide open as if about to bite to alert Xu Qing to stop. As everything reversed, he had his mouth agape, his eyes momentarily bewildered.

He then spoke in a low voice.

"Junior Brother, promise me not to use this move in the land of the gods…"

Xu Qing's face was filled with fatigue as he struggled to sit up. While he was panting, he also felt his heart palpitating. At that instant earlier, he didn't know why but he could sense great terror.

At that moment, he barely lifted his head. Xu Qing glanced at the captain and then at Zhang Siyun in the distance.

Zhang Siyun's body was disappearing. His arms and more than half of His body had turned into ashes. They appeared to have been erased and vanished from Xu Qing's vision.

The thorny crown on His head also emitted cracking sounds and continued to shatter. However, in the end… there was still a small section left!

This small section of light flickered with purple light, giving Xu Qing the feeling that it was actually somewhat similar to the light from his purple crystal. When this light erupted, Zhang Siyun's blurry figure gradually formed inside and a hoarse voice echoed.

"Just a little more and you would have erased my main body too, Xu Qing."

"However, in the end, my main body is still here, so I'm fine."

This scene caused Xu Qing's eyes to narrow but his expression didn't alteration much. His personality caused him to never have only one method to do things.

Hence, he spoke softly.

"Your Majesty."

In an instant, the figure of the Ancient Spirit Emperor emerged in front of Zhang Siyun, who was forming His body. He didn't attack Him, but pressed something against Zhang Siyun's face.

After that, He instantly hid.

As He hid, He instinctively glanced at Xu Qing with fear.

At that moment, Zhang Siyun's expression changed. There was an additional item on His face.

It was a mask.

To be precise, it was the face of an old man. His expression was sorrowful and his face was covered in wrinkles.

It had a name, and it was called compassion.































































Back then, in the Immortal Forbidden Land, Old Master Seventh had brought the captain and Xu Qing to an Immortal Arts Hall. He took down two of the many human skin masks inside and gave them to Xu Qing and Erniu.

These two human skin masks were both immortal arts.

One was called the Heavenly Dog, and because it matched Erniu's habits, it was given to him.

The other one wasn't suitable for Xu Qing to use but Xu Qing thought that he could exploit it with the head, so he kept it.

This art was called compassion.

Its function was simple and singular: those who wore this human skin mask would bear the damage on behalf of the target they observed.

Xu Qing's original thought was to let the head wear the mask and let it share the damage when he was facing a life-and-death crisis.

However, Xu Qing hadn't encountered a time when he needed to use it.

Until now.

Although immortal arts were quite different from divine techniques, at the end of the day, they were mystical methods. Moreover, Old Master Seventh had once said that according to the records in the ancient books, the name of this kind of spell back then was taboo art.

Later on, in order to beautify them, they were called immortal arts.

Xu Qing knew the drawback of this compassion immortal art. It required the wearer to look at the target. Fortunately… this gaze could be a glance, and didn't have to last long.

Hence, almost at the instant the human skin mask was put on Zhang Siyun's face, Xu Qing gazed at the captain, trying to display the second scene in the purple crystal.



Although he didn't have the strength to allow the god's fragmented-face to completely open Its eyes, and his life force was also depleted by a huge extent, that was because the image of the god's fragmented-face was of too high a level.

However, Crown Prince Purple Green was clearly inferior to the god's fragmented-face in terms of level.

Hence, Xu Qing could attempt to display the second scene. The main point was the glance Xu Qing threw at Erniu.

They didn't need to speak to express their intentions to each other, and could just convey it through a glance. Erniu didn't hesitate at all. He opened his mouth and bit Xu Qing's arm.

This bite wasn't to devour but to nurture.

In that instant, the vitality from Erniu gushed into Xu Qing's body. Although there was still a considerable gap if they wanted the god's fragmented face to completely open Its eyes, it was just enough to assist Xu Qing in displaying the second scene.

Xu Qing's body trembled and the purple crystal in his body shone. After it filled his body, it became a purple source of light, spreading endless purple light in all directions.

He could think of a way to hide the purple light but Xu Qing didn't.

Not only did he not hide it, but he also released it to the greatest extent, causing the circulation of this light to be similar to the thorny crown on Zhang Siyun's head.

And all of this, though it may sound lengthy, actually occurred in the blink of an eye. As Xu Qing's entire body radiated purple light, Zhang Siyun, who had the human skin mask placed on his face by the Ancient Spirit Emperor, felt a shock to his mind.

As a clone of Crimson Goddess, He possessed omniscience and omnipotence. However… the status of the Ancient Spirit Emperor was the same as His. Under His interference, Zhang Siyun's omniscience and omnipotence were slowed down.

This delay became extremely fatal at this moment.

This was because He didn't know the effect of the human skin mask. Most importantly, the purple light on Xu Qing's body attracted His attention and also caused the thorn crown on his head to spin.

His gaze instinctively landed on… Xu Qing, who was emitting a purple light.

The instant he looked at Xu Qing, Zhang Siyun's entire body trembled. He saw a scene, and fused into this scene.

He wasn't the only one who saw it. At that moment, the captain and the retreating Ancient Spirit Emperor also saw the scene that appeared in the Moon Palace.

The sky was replaced by the world of this scene. It became dark, blood rain fell again, and Xu Qing was standing in the ruins.

His figure overlapped with a little boy revealed in the scene.

That little boy was crying. He was at a loss, helpless, terrified, and all sorts of other emotions spread out from this little boy and Xu Qing.

In the sky where lightning flashed, there was no fragmented-face of the god, there was only a youth in a black robe.

This youth's appearance was incomparably handsome and was similar to the adult Xu Qing. He stood there and stared at Xu Qing. With a soft sigh, he walked over step by step from the sky.

The blood rain separated in front of him. He walked like this until he was behind Xu Qing. He then gently lifted his head and touched Xu Qing's head.

 "Brother, don't cry."

The moment the gentle voice echoed, the little boy who had fused with Xu Qing was about to turn his head. However, at the next instant… a destructive force erupted above his head.

With a boom, the little boy's head collapsed and his body collapsed. His body and spirit were destroyed.

Even Xu Qing's body trembled and countless cracks appeared on his body. This was especially so for his head, which was about to shatter into pieces.

At that moment, Zhang Siyun, who was looking at the scene, let out a mournful wail. The thorny crown on His head also flickered with purple light.

He was resisting!

Due to the immortal art compassion, everything He saw surged into His body at this instant, which included pain, injuries, and death.

To harbor compassion.

Hence, the little boy's collapse in the scene directly affected Zhang Siyun.

His sharp screams shook the Moon Palace. Zhang Siyun's newly formed body was already in its weakest state after enduring the damage from the fragmented-face.

At that moment, after enduring such destruction, His body instantly collapsed again and shattered into pieces. It was the same for His head. His eyes revealed pain, confusion, and disappointment.

Those were the emotions of the little boy when he was alive.

At the next instant, Zhang Siyun's head exploded. The thorny crown on his head also shattered again. Finally, only a small section of purple thorns fell to the ground.

Crimson Goddess' avatar no longer existed.

Zhang Siyun was truly dead.

The scene dissipated.

In the blink of an eye, the body formed by the captain's worm rushed over at its fastest speed. In an instant, it arrived at the place of Zhang Siyun's death and grabbed the falling purple thorn.

Beside him, the figure of the Ancient Spirit Emperor appeared. He was also grabbing Seeing that it was about to be captured, the captain went crazy. He let out a loud roar and the phantom of a heavenly dog appeared behind him, ruthlessly devouring it.

at it at an even faster speed.

Seeing that it was about to be captured, the captain went crazy. He let out a loud roar and the phantom of a heavenly dog appeared behind him, ruthlessly devouring it.

At the same time, Xu Qing spat out a large mouthful of blood. A large amount of blood flowed through the cracks on his body, especially on his face. As he staggered back and saw this scene, the purple light on his body forcefully flickered.

"That is mine!"

Xu Qing's words caused the Ancient Spirit Emperor to pause. If it was anyone else who spoke like this, He wouldn't care. However, after seeing Xu Qing display that terrifying power twice with His own eyes, His fear of Xu Qing was extremely high.

He then thought of the subsequent feast and paused slightly.

At the next instant, the captain's heavenly dog caught up and directly swallowed the purple thorn before moving back to Xu Qing's side, staring at the Ancient Spirit Emperor unkindly.

The gaze of the Ancient Spirit Emperor flickered slightly as He swept His gaze across Erniu before looking at Xu Qing.

Just as He was about to speak, a shout filled with anger suddenly rang out from under the Moon Palace.

This sound was definitely not something a cultivator could make. Its reverberation caused the entire Red Moon's red light to erupt. The ground rapidly melted, forming a sea of blood.

This sea was extremely viscous and smelled strongly of blood.

A god's aura rose shockingly.

The Moon Worship Region also trembled at this moment.

That was… the voice of the Crimson Goddess' main body.

She had completely awakened!

At the same time, far away from the Moon Worship Region, separated by many large regions, at the center of the entire Wanggu World, there was an extremely holy region for the human race.

Its name was the Grand Imperial Capital Region.

Its location was extremely far from the Moon Worship Region. It was difficult for cultivators to reach it even if they flew their entire lives. In the center of the human race's Grand Imperial Capital Region, there was a majestic city the size of a county.

This city was vast and there were many buildings inside. Countless humans lived there, and the most eye-catching thing in the city was a luxurious and majestic palace.

Right now, in a large hall in the palace, two people were playing chess.

One of them was a middle-aged man, dressed in an orange-yellow robe. His long hair was tied up with a dragon-carved hairpin. Seated there, he seemed to exude an imposing presence, like a crouching tiger or a coiled dragon. An invisible imperial aura emanated from him, transforming into giant dragons that wove through the heavens, swallowing and spitting out the hues of dawn.

This person was the current Human Emperor!

His aura was majestic, his appearance carried dignity, and his eyes contained the stars. At this moment, he held a white chess piece in his hand and spoke lightly.

"State Preceptor, what do you think the outcome of the current war with the Black Heaven Race will be?"

With that, he was about to place the chess piece down when his eyes suddenly moved slightly as he looked at the person opposite him.

"State Preceptor?"

Seated across from the Emperor was a young man. He wore a purple robe, his handsome features almost otherworldly. His long hair sprawled across the floor, each seeming to carry the essence of the sun, moon, and stars.

If Xu Qing was here, he would be able to recognize at a peep that this person… was Crown Prince Purple Green!

At that moment, he held a black chess piece in his hand, but within his bright eyes, there was a hint of fleeting mist.

After hearing the Human Emperor's voice, the mist in Purple Green eyes dissipated and he articulated softly.

"Nothing, Your Majesty. It's just that someone used a bit of my time."

The Human Emperor's gaze existed deep. The white chess piece landed on the board and he was about to speak when his expression suddenly changed. He uplifted his head and gazed at the sky outside the hall.

Crown Prince Purple Green narrowed his eyes and also uplifted his head.

At the same time, the giant dragons in the sky let out a shocking roar. The sound waves spread in all directions as they stared fixedly at the sky.

They weren't the only ones. Very soon, many terrifying auras erupted from the Imperial City and locked onto the sky in unison.

All eyes were on the same thing.

The god's fragmented-face.

The god's fragmented-face in the sky still had Its eyes closed. However, at this moment, Its head moved slightly.

It existed facing the south!

That existed the direction of the Holy Wave Large Region, the Moon Worship Region, and the Red Moon Star.

At that moment, many races were paying attention to this scene. The entire Wanggu Continent existed shaken.

Very few people knew why It did this. Because of Crimson Goddess' authority, outsiders couldn't investigate the matters in the Moon Worship Region.

However, no matter what, Its action caused the hearts of all the peak figures in Wanggu to palpitate.































































These peak figures whose hearts were palpitating also included the Soul Accumulation experts who had now appeared on the Black Heaven Race's land.

A drastic upheaval was unfolding in the Black Heaven Race.

The war was starting!

Back then, after the Human Emperor released two complete Suns of Dawn, the Black Heaven Race suffered a huge defeat and countless casualties. In the end, they could only hide their entire race in their large region and activate their regional treasure to form a protective barrier to resist.

Although the human race had withdrawn their troops, the light formed by the Suns of Dawn in the Black Heaven Race blanketed the area. Hence, there was continuous damage, and over the years, the number of deceased clan members grew, with only one in ten newborns surviving.

To the Black Heaven Race, the price of this war was too great, so great that the foundation of their race was shaken. Moreover, their god seemed to have given up on them. They had called out to Her countless times but there was no response at all.

This caused the Black Heaven Race to be even more miserable. Due to their characteristics, it had been very difficult for them in the past few years and they didn't have the strength to start a war. They only wanted to survive this storm.

However… it wasn't that war wouldn't come just because they didn't wish for it.

This time, the attacking force came from the Holy Wave Large Region. The human army and the army under the Grand Duke Holy Wave tore a gap in the Black Heaven Race's defense.

Through this gap, the army surged in.

The one leading the human race's army wasn't Seventh Prince… but an expert from his mother's family, one of the thirty-three Heavenly Kings of the human race.

King Tian Cang!



He was also the Seventh Prince's uncle!

He personally led the army and led all the military forces in the Holy Wave Large Region to launch a war against the Black Heaven Race. It was also him who used a supreme treasure to penetrate the defense of the Black Heaven Race.

Even the Grand Duke Holy Wave had to act humble in front of King Tian Cang.

This was because every one of the thirty-three Heavenly Kings of the human race… was at the Soul Accumulation realm!

As war erupted, with the battlefield thundering and the echoes of slaughter piercing the heavens, within the region of the Black Heaven Race, regardless of affiliation, any peak cultivator was instantly shaken. Involuntarily, they raised their heads, gazing towards the sky, towards the fragmented-face of the god.

While the myriad races were staring at It, in the Moon Worship Region, on the Red Moon Star, in the Moon Palace… the aura of Crimson Goddess erupted.

The ground of the Moon Palace transformed into a viscous sea of blood, and as the sea of blood churned, the heir and the others also woke up one after another. They immediately retreated, gathering around Xu Qing. The aura of weakness coming from their bodies was extremely obvious.

Xu Qing's injuries were also serious. It was the same for the captain. All of them were almost at the end of their rope.

"Now, this is beyond our control."

The captain glanced at Xu Qing and spoke hoarsely.

Xu Qing nodded weakly and looked at the sea of blood in front of him.

The sea of blood moved even more violently and rumbling sounds echoed as it rapidly spun into a vortex from which a figure was walking over.

This figure didn't have a humanoid form. It was as though countless flesh wings had grown together, intertwining and spreading in all directions, forming innumerable tentacles. In their undulating movements, It resembled an irregular mass.

Only a face protruded in the center. This face lacked skin, only flesh that was constantly wriggling, exuding a horrifying aura.

Around the face, rows of eyes grow, ranging in size from large to small, in a disorderly fashion.

At that moment, the figures of Xu Qing and the others were reflected in every eye, looking extremely bizarre.

It had no arms or legs. It was like a huge bloody flesh statue that slowly rose in the vortex of blood.

The terrifying pressure coming from It distorted the entire Moon Palace, the entire Red Moon, and the entire Moon Worship Region.

The figure walking over was none other than Crimson Goddess' main body!

Xu Qing and the others' hearts trembled and intense pain attacked their minds, as if their cognition couldn't withstand the other party's figure. Uncontrollably, their perception of the god in their eyes changed.

In the next instant, in the eyes of Xu Qing and the others, the appearance of Crimson Goddess transformed into that of a woman. She had blood-red long hair and wore a red robe.

Her face no longer bore those eyeballs; only two bloody holes remained in the eye sockets.

A large amount of blood flowed and spread across Her body which was entwined by thorns.

 These thorns wrapped around Her body, piercing it, and as She advanced, the thorns contracted, seemingly absorbing Her blood.

Behind her were countless blood-red spider lilies.

Every time Her footsteps landed, such a flower would bloom. And in each flower, there was an identical figure.

They were leaping and overlapping… Just like what had happened with the Red Moon earlier.

With Her appearance, a vast divine might that far surpassed Zhang Siyun's erupted outwards.

If They were to be compared, it would be like comparing a bright moon to a firefly!

"Gods can't be gazed at directly… So, in order to protect ourselves, our instincts will autonomously alter our perception, refracting the other party into a form that each of us can accept!"

The captain spoke in a low voice.

Xu Qing silently looked at Crimson Goddess who was striding over. If he didn't look at Her eyes, Crimson Goddess' face could be said to be peerlessly beautiful.

That kind of beauty didn't seem like it could be possessed by living beings. It was perfect and flawless. At the same time, it continued to change as Her footsteps landed.

It reverted to the original appearance at times and occasionally displayed a man's face contorted in pain.. Divine might also erupted in this face, as though It was being merged and assimilated.

This face belonged to the master of the land of the wicked who had been swallowed by Crimson Goddess.

The heir and the others were also silent at this moment. They closed their eyes and waited.

The captain took a deep breath and didn't move either. He was also waiting.

Xu Qing knew that they were all waiting for… Ruler Li Zihua.

It was also at this moment that the statue of Li Zihua, who was standing on the Repentance Plain and holding the Red Moon with both hands, suddenly disappeared.

His eyes slowly opened.

The instant he opened his eyes, they revealed a sense of age and profound meaning as he looked at the Moon Worship Region.

The entire Moon Worship Region lit up as his gaze landed.

The blood-red color of the sky tore apart, transforming into streaks of red clouds, and the undulations of the earth were frozen, forming uneven mountains.

The withering of all things turned into the seeds of plants. Under his gaze, each plant, every tree, and entire jungles revived.

The land of despair instantly shone with hope and vitality.

Only the Red Moon was still bright red.

Li Zihua lifted his head and looked at the Red Moon. He then let go his grip on the star.

The Red Moon didn't leave but floated in the air.

Li Zihua fell silent for a few breaths before striding forward. Every step he took landed in the void, emitting golden ripples, causing the light of the Red Moon Star to be suppressed and dim.

It was only when he walked onto the Red Moon and arrived in front of the Moon Palace that Crimson Goddess' figure completely surfaced from the blood-red vortex in the Moon Palace.

They gazed at each other.

"Long time no see."































































Li Zihua's voice, carrying a profound weight, though softly spoken, caused the Moon Palace to tremble. The sound waves it stirred up even brought stillness to the blood sea around Crimson Goddess.

Xu Qing and the others also released a sigh of relief and swiftly retreated.

They were well aware that the upcoming battle was not one they could participate in, even Soul Accumulation didn't have the qualifications.

Crimson Goddess was expressionless. Two spheres of crimson fire rose in Her empty eyes as She looked at Li Zihua, as though She wasn't surprised by his revival and arrival.

"After Mystic Nether left, time has changed. Li Zihua, it's meaningless for you to wake up."

Crimson Goddess calmly spoke. Her voice didn't hold the slightest emotion, neither joy nor sorrow.

This image was different in the eyes of different people.

The images in each person's eyes were a result of their instinctive understanding altering to a form they could endure. For example, in the eyes of the heir and others, Crimson Goddess they saw was a fusion of human form and feathers, even more grotesque, more sinister, and more terrifying.

The fire in Her eyes wasn't flames either. They were two squirming stars.

This was a god. Due to Their high life levels, in the eyes of living beings, gods assumed countless forms.

Hence, when a god wished to destroy the world, it would be remarkably simple. They only needed to display Their true form into the eyes of living beings, and death would befall them.

From this, one could see how terrifying the god's broken visage was. This was because no matter what cultivation level the beings of the myriad races had, they perceived the same form when looking at It.

At this moment, Crimson Goddess' voice fell into the ears of Xu Qing and others, changing into a deafening thunder that rolled in their minds. In an instant, everyone lost all resistance.

The heir and the others each used their own methods to barely withstand it.



Xu Qing immediately took out a lump of clay and held it in his hand.

This was something the clay fox had left for him.

The captain also swiftly took out a strand of hair. This was the token of the Moon Flame High God. Although the other party had come and left, the captain still kept this hair.

Only Li Zihua didn't need to do anything. He silently stood in the Moon Palace and looked at Crimson Goddess. After a long time, his voice rang out gently.

"The mission remains."

These three words seemed to stimulate Crimson Goddess in some way. In the next moment, more blood flowed from Her, and the thorns entwining around Her tightened. Within the countless red spider lilies blooming on the blood sea behind her, numerous Her shouted with a resentful expression.

"Mission? Is it Brilliant Heaven's mission or Profound Earth's mission!"

"Li Zihua, have you forgotten what happened in Brilliant Heaven?"

"We were originally born as gods. Who sealed our ancestors and caused the later descendants to lose their divine seats?"

Li Zihua closed his eyes. After a long time, he shook his head.

"I haven't forgotten."

Crimson Goddess' entire body shone with a blood-red light. As the red light soared into the sky, she took a step toward Li Zihua.

"Who raised the so-called Heavenly Dao in our divine land to suppress us?"

"Who was the one who tabooed us under the Wanggu Continent and built the world of cultivators in our divine land!"

As the voice echoed, the appearance of Crimson Goddess underwent a change in Xu Qing's eyes. Her original exquisite appearance was now shattering, replaced gradually by blood-red feathers instead of flesh.

She continued.

"Li Zihua, I didn't make a mistake by choosing to become a god. Back then, when you left, you were just like me. But why did you later extinguish your divine fire and betray our bloodline?!"

"You came from Brilliant Heaven but have become one of Profound Earth!"

"I came from Brilliant Heaven and still represent it!"

By the time Crimson Goddess finished speaking, She had already appeared in front of Li Zihua. In Xu Qing's eyes, Her body underwent a violent transformation. The appearance of a woman completely disappeared, reverting back to the initial terrifying form of bloody flesh.

Moreover, at this moment, all the feathers rapidly spread out, revealing the interior of the mass formed by the flesh feathers. There… was a huge eye hole there. There was no eyeball, only endless blood seeping out.

 Hearing Crimson Goddess' words and looking at Her, Li Zihua fell silent. In the end, he let out a sigh and lifted his right hand, pushing the sky.

With this push, the sky shattered into countless fragments.

Each fragment changed as it landed, forming earth-shattering auras and transformed into countless illusory figures.

There were the sun, moon, and stars, dragons and phoenixes, and all kinds of ancient spirits. Xu Qing even saw the Golden Crow among them.

As they appeared and their auras erupted, energy fluctuations that uniquely belonged to emperor-level cultivation arts rose from the phantoms formed by these fragments.

They were all emperor-level cultivation arts that included myriad races, there were no less than ten thousand of them.

They were all summoned by Li Zihua with a wave of his hand.

The instant they appeared, the ten thousand emperor-level cultivation arts each revealed their origins. In the blink of an eye, taboos appeared in the phantoms as though the seals had been undone.

One weapon after another, items after items. Among them was the Destruction Spear that Xu Qing had sensed in the Golden Crow. All of them were now revealed in the sky.

They were taboo weapons!

Their appearance triggered an extremely terrifying fluctuation, then they blasted toward Crimson Goddess!

Xu Qing had already sensed the secret of an emperor-level cultivation art from the Golden Crow's body. He knew that every emperor-level cultivation art was, in fact, a seal, restraining something that the Heavenly Dao forbade.

Now that he saw them with his own eyes, his mind was filled with endless thoughts.

Such a divine ability couldn't be grasped by even Soul Accumulation.

This was a terrifying power that only rulers could erupt with.

Regardless of whether it was Crimson Goddess' attack or Ruler Li Zihua's counterattack, they far exceeded the scope of everyone's understanding. At the next instant, Xu Qing and the others each spat out blood and retreated with shocked expressions.

The scene in their eyes also changed based on their limits.

The world reflected in Xu Qing's eyes no longer had Li Zihua or the Crimson Goddess. The shattered sky was now replaced by a huge image.

This image was formed by two colors, red and white.

These two colors intertwined and separated, spinning until they formed a huge vortex.

It had no pupils, replaced by a blood-red heart that was currently pulsating, emitting a sound akin to heavenly thunder.

Around the eye, numerous eyelashes grew, resembling tentacles that continually extended and swayed. At times, they touched each other, forming vague figures composed of a third color.

It was black, like a shadow. Its shape was irregular and would devour each other the instant it appeared.

This was a battle of gods in Xu Qing's eyes.

Because this battle had exceeded his level, in his eyes, the battle between Ruler Li Zihua and the Crimson Goddess was like an abstract painting.

The red color in the painting represented Crimson Goddess, and the white color represented Li Zihua.

As for the third color, Xu Qing didn't understand. It seemed to be the shadows of Li Zihua and Crimson Goddess.

This reminded Xu Qing of his shadow.

"Little Qing, remember the scene you are seeing. This is the peak collision between a cultivator and a god!"

The captain was beside Xu Qing. As he held the hair of the Moon Flame tightly, he looked at the sky in fascination and mumbled.

"One side is a manifestation of walking the path of cultivation to the extreme."

"The other side chose to become a god, the source of the great calamity that befell the Wanggu Continent."

"The cultivation of the former is a path leading to the pinnacle of life's levels. Cultivators who reach the utmost peak are bestowed with various titles; some universes call them 'venerables,' others label them 'immortals.'"

"In the Wanggu Continent, such peak cultivators are known as rulers."

"This is what cultivators yearn for in their entire lives and what they dream of."

When the captain's voice landed in Xu Qing's ears, it contained some age and vicissitudes.

"Junior Brother, do you know that there's actually an even more ancient legend in the Wanggu Continent…"

"Legend?" Xu Qing's heart stirred.

"Legend has it that a long, long time ago, the Wanggu Continent wasn't like this. There were no cultivators here, no laws, and naturally no Heavenly Dao.

Cultivators came from the lower realm.

After the peak cultivators of the lower realm reached the immortal realm, they traversed countless universes and worlds. No existence could threaten immortals.

They control all rules, comprehend all origins, traverse any point in time and space, altering everything. They can create and shape all living things as well."

Upon hearing this, Xu Qing's mind trembled.

The captain looked at the sky and continued to mutter.

"Whether they are called immortals or rulers, to a certain extent, they are undying and eternal, sharing the same lifespan as the heavens. Their thoughts and desires have also changed. What they pursue is the Dao, the exploration beyond the end of the path of cultivation.

According to different experiences, different understandings, and different ideals, the paths they explored varied. Some immortals had ventured far, far away, while others are still moving around in their original positions.

Therefore, in the past era, the only ones who could threaten immortals were themselves."

"Until, as they moved forward… they broke through the boundary wall and came to the upper realm from the lower realm. Hence, an extreme existence like the god appeared in the comprehension of immortals.

At that moment, everything changed."

"They were told that these countless universes and countless worlds actually never belonged to cultivators.

Whether it's the past, present, or future, every definition ultimately stemmed from the gods.

It was the gods who divided the world into upper and lower realms.

Profound Earth in the lower realm, Brilliant Heaven in the upper realm.

A frog at the bottom of the well became the most suitable analogy for cultivators."

"Therefore, war… followed."

"That was the battle between immortals and gods, the battle between the lower and upper realms, and also… the battle between Profound Earth and Brilliant Heaven."

The captain spoke softly and paused for a moment.

Xu Qing instinctively transmitted his divine sense.

"What was the outcome?"

"In that battle, immortals won but also lost." The captain mumbled.

"The Brilliant Heaven sank and became a taboo that was sealed. The Heavenly Dao was raised and the rules were redefined. This was the manifestation of the victory of the immortals. However, it was also at that time that the immortals from the lower realm learned of a desperate truth.

The boundlessly vast Brilliant Heaven was just a god's great divine world.

In this vast upper realm, there were many such great divine worlds. Brilliant Heaven was only the tip of the iceberg and was far from the strongest.

This place indeed belongs to the gods."

At this point, the captain turned his head and looked into Xu Qing's eyes.

"Li Zihua and Crimson Goddess… came from Brilliant Heaven."































































The battle between the ruler Li Zihua and Crimson Goddess continued to be perceived in an abstract, painting-like manner.

Xu Qing's mind was churning intensely.

"Immortal… Ruler… Profound Earth… Brilliant Heaven… Great Divine World…"

The captain's words were like bolts of lightning that streaked across Xu Qing's sea of consciousness, stirring up layers of waves.

Xu Qing had never heard of these things before. He only knew when he comprehended the God Slaying Platform that Crimson Goddess and Ruler Li Zihua weren't from the Wanggu Continent. They came from a place that was listed as a taboo by the Wanggu Continent.

That place was called Brilliant Heaven.

Even though Xu Qing had already adapted to the captain's mysteriousness, he still took a deep breath when he heard this information from the captain.

"Eldest Senior Brother, how do you know so many secrets?"

The captain gave a spurious smile.

"Junior Brother, I already said it's just a legend. You don't actually believe it, do you?"

Xu Qing silently glanced at the captain.

"Eldest Senior Brother, how many lifetimes have you lived?"



The captain blinked, feeling a sense of satisfaction seeing Xu Qing's expression. He thought to himself, 'Junior Brother, Junior Brother, do you now realize how formidable your Senior Brother is?'

At the thought of this, the captain coughed and spoke proudly.

"When there's no heaven, there's me. When there's no earth, I'm already born."

"Eldest Senior Brother, don't interact too much with Wu Jianwu in the future." Xu Qing retracted his gaze and ignored him. Regardless of whether what the captain said was a legend or not, regardless of how many lives the other party had lived, this wasn't important.

The most important thing was now.

Xu Qing watched the divine battle in the sky.

Due to his level and understanding, he couldn't see the true form of this divine battle. However, he understood the key to this battle and its meaning.

This was especially so for the latter. This was a battle between a cultivator and a god. Most cultivators wouldn't be able to see such a battle in their entire lives.

Determination rose in Xu Qing's heart. He first activated his purple crystal, allowing the recovery power to spread throughout his body. After that, the Poison Restriction in his body suddenly rose and appeared in his eyes.

In the blink of an eye, his eyes turned pitch-black.

This wasn't the end. Xu Qing spread out his Red Moon's authority again and a large amount of blood flowed out of his body, forming a vortex around him.

Under the effect of these two types of god powers, Xu Qing focused his gaze on the sky.

The scene in the sky changed in his vision!

That abstract picture continued to flow in Xu Qing's eyes like a blooming flower. After it continued to expand, the two colors inside also fused.

This fusion seemed to have lasted for a long time, but it also sensed like an instant.

Immediately after, the entire scene became hazy in Xu Qing's eyes. Amidst the blurriness, he could vaguely see a figure!

It was Li Zihua.

He still maintained his human form and was battling against Crimson Goddess. Every time he attacked, it was as though he was taking out the rules of the Wanggu Continent to bombard Crimson Goddess.

The Heavenly Dao was like a furnace, providing Li Zihua with endless combat strength.

Moreover, their battle didn't happen in a single spacetime but in countless spacetimes. They attacked at the same time, forming a scene that was exactly the same as Red Moon's transformation under the gaze of the god's fragmented-face.

There were also many taboo weapons moving in the surroundings. Every one of them carried the power to destroy the world as they rushed toward Crimson Goddess.

When they intersected, the forms of these taboo weapons also changed. They were no longer weapons but figures that were comparable to gods in terms of appearance.

It was as though they were gods in the past.

 But they were sealed now, and were controlled!

This battle gazed simple but Xu Qing could sense that this was the limit of his current understanding. Perhaps this wasn't the true battle either. With his current endurance, his body and soul would probably be destroyed the moment he perceived its true form.

Even so, seeing Ruler Li Zihua make a move with his own eyes gave Xu Qing an extremely great impact. It could be said to have overturned his understanding.

'So, the laws and rules of the Heavenly Dao can be controlled as if this. This is also in line with the secret repository of Spirit Repository cultivators. Why the Heavenly Dao is like a furnace. In reality… in the hands of higher-level cultivators, the Immemorial Heavenly Dao of the Wanggu Continent is also a furnace.'

'Previously, the captain said that the Heavenly Dao of the Wanggu Continent was raised by the earliest batch of people… In that case, the Heavenly Dao is actually a supreme treasure created by cultivators!'

'Cultivators will first raise the Heavenly Dao in the place they are in!'

'Then, does that mean when one cultivates to a certain extent, they will send their Heavenly Dao into the trajectory of the world… Just like Red Moon's Divine Son igniting his divine fire?'

Xu Qing took a deep breath. The secret repository behind him rumbled. As his understanding changed, his secret repository was also adjusting.

In the secret repository, the mosasaur not only served as a furnace but also became a weapon.

Xu Qing's harvest wasn't just this.

'So, there are other transformations to taboo weapons. The form of the weapon is only the surface. It's not the true essence!'

'The essence… Why is it in those god-like forms? Could it be that the taboo weapons sealed in the emperor-level cultivation arts are actually the gods who failed in the legendary battle between the immortals and gods that the captain mentioned?'

Xu Qing sensed a tearing sensation in his mind. What he perceived and what he felt in his thoughts gradually pushed his endurance to the limit. Hence, everything in his eyes gradually turned from blurry to abstract.

At the last moment, Xu Qing gazed at Crimson Goddess who was battling against Li Zihua.































































Crimson Goddess was no longer as exquisite as before.

Describing Her form was challenging, but in simple terms, She gave Xu Qing the impression of a humanoid entity combining feathers and flesh. In Xu Qing's eyes, Crimson Goddess alternated between a woman and a creature of feathers and flesh.

They fused together, forming an extremely bizarre image.

There were also red-colored worms swirling around Her, and those worms had a ferocious appearance, exuding a terrifying aura and emanating the rich power of the Red Moon.

It was as if they were the embodiment of the authority of the Red Moon.

Perhaps he couldn't use the word 'as if' but 'certain'!

This was because the moment Xu Qing saw those worms, not only did he feel an incomparable sense of familiarity, but he also sensed that these worms seemed to be looking at him at this instant.

The instant their gazes fused, Xu Qing's mind instantly rumbled. Blood flowed out of his seven orifices and his body staggered back. He spat out mouthfuls of blood one after another and his body rapidly decayed, pieces of flesh falling off.

The sky in his eyes returned to an abstract picture, but the ground he saw distorted for an instant.

Although the ground quickly returned to normal, what he saw at that instant caused Xu Qing's mind to feel the pain of being torn apart again. Countless blood vessels also appeared in his eyes.

"Red Moon…"

Xu Qing's breathing was hurried as he looked at the ground under his feet. He couldn't forget the scene he had seen earlier.

In that scene, what formed the Red Moon Star wasn't soil and rocks but countless red worms!

At that moment, the Red Moon Star was like a worm nest, formed by countless red worms. There even seemed to be a gaze coming from its depths.

That gaze was cold but in Xu Qing's perception, it was friendly to him.



However, the distortion dissipated in an instant, so Xu Qing couldn't probe further.

At that moment, he circulated the purple crystal and spat out blood as he recovered. Just as he barely reached a balance, the battle in the sky changed drastically.

As if She had made up Her mind after seeing an opportunity, the ancient wooden door of the Moon Flame High God returned and appeared in the sky.

Moreover, its form was even larger than before, as though it had framed the sky and treated the sky as a door.

At that moment, the sky split and the door opened!

A tall figure stepped out from the door.

This figure appeared ordinary at first glance, but with the second glance, It seemed infinitely vast, creating an illusion that made it difficult to discern Its size.

Only the top of Its head could be seen, adorned with antlers like those of a deer. However, it was not just one antler; instead, they proliferated into numerous branches, resembling the branches of a tree, spreading across the sky.

At the center of the deer antlers, there was a gray star, emanating destruction and carrying an essence of death.

As for the head, it was impossible to tell if It was male or female, only a massive gray skull could be seen with two sockets emitting gray flames. In the area where the mouth would be, there was a crooked crack in the bone.

Its body was in the shape of a human and Its hands were stained with blood. Drops of blood dripped down as though It was wearing a pair of red gloves.

Its entire body was covered in gray fur that was swaying like clothes. Only Its abdomen was revealed. It was a black hole with starlight flickering inside, as though a universe existed in it.

This was the Moon Flame High God.

Just like Crimson Goddess, the instant Its form appeared in the eyes of Xu Qing and the others, their cognition changed Its appearance. It was no longer the ugly appearance from before, but a middle-aged woman in a gray robe.

This woman had high cheekbones, a cold and indifferent expression, and a somewhat sarcastic demeanor. However, it had to be said that Her appearance was quite distinctive. Perhaps, in the eyes of some, She wasn't extraordinarily beautiful, but for others, She might have a unique charm.

After appearing, Moon Flame took a step forward and directly entered the abstract painting in the sky. The instant She fused into it, the abstract painting suddenly changed.

The color of the vortex added one more shade, gray, intertwining with white and red. As they rapidly rotated, a third shadow appeared within the painting.

"My ex-wife is a foodie; I guessed that she would come. Just as I expected."

The captain took a few steps back and squatted beside Xu Qing. He looked at the picture in the sky and spoke proudly.

"How is it? My ex-wife is pretty, right?"

 Xu Qing glanced at the painting and then looked at the captain without saying anything.

As for the heir and the others at the side, their expressions were solemn. From the start to the end, they had been paying attention to the battlefield and had no time to pay attention to Erniu.

Only Old Eighth, who had been resurrected by the fifth princess' blessing from the River of Time, couldn't help but speak even though he was in a weakened state.

"We're not blind. We can see the appearance of that old monster. Erniu… I didn't realize before that your taste is so heavy."

"You can even accept this…"

"However, I'm very curious. Was the hole in Her stomach caused by you?"

Old Eighth's mouth didn't lose its sharpness because of his injuries. When his words landed in the captain's ears, the captain's face twitched.

"Eighth Grandpa…"

The captain looked at Old Eighth.

Old Eighth fell into deep thought and nodded.

"Looks like it was really caused by you. No wonder She hates you so much and didn't even glance at you when She arrived. Erniu, tell us secretly, did you do something to let Her down?"

"If I send you over, won't your ex-wife be happier and have more motivation to fight?"

As soon as Old Eighth spoke, the fifth princess and Princess Mingmei's gazes landed on the captain as though they were considering it.

The captain was shocked and hurriedly spoke.

"No, no. Actually, I was just joking. Moon Flame High God isn't my ex-wife. I was just casually saying…"

In order to convince Old Eighth and the others, the captain hurriedly took out a peach and took a bite.

"I like Peach. My Taotao is still waiting for me in Fenghai County."

Old Eighth looked like he didn't believe it. The heir at the side swept his gaze across the captain.

"We can consider Eighth Brother's suggestion."

The captain took a deep breath and was about to continue explaining when Old Ninth suddenly spoke.

"Another one is here!"

The instant his voice rang out, the color of the sky changed. It was as though there was an additional curtain enveloping it.

On the curtain, a portrait appeared.

In contrast to the previous darkness, this painting emitted a warm light. It depicted a clear blue sky and sea. In the sky above the ocean surface, countless fish and shrimp were flying, and whales were floating by, creating a beautiful scene.

In the sea below, countless birds swam around.

There was a statue sitting cross-legged between the sea and the sky,

This statue was of a huge clay fox. It was adorned in a red robe, radiating golden light that illuminated the vast sea and extended into the sky, exuding a sense of sanctity.

It was as if it was the lord of this world, evoking reverence from those who beheld it.

At that moment, Its eyelashes trembled slightly, It gently opened Its eyes, and with graceful steps, It emerged from within the painting, exuding endless appeal and allure.

The moment It stepped out, Its appearance changed, transforming into a graceful woman.

Clad in a red robe and thin veil, it draped over the fair and delicate figure, radiating a captivating charm.

The towering bosom, straight long legs, and the swaying tail as She approached, everything about Her was filled with alluring allure.

Especially when the jade-like legs slightly parted, tantalizingly veiled, it carried a seductive charm that made one's heart itch.

Coupled with the enticing curves of the waist and hips, harmonized with an inherently seductive demeanor, it left an unforgettable and profound impression on anyone who witnessed Her.

This was a woman exuding a captivating allure from deep within Her bones, seemingly tempting men at all times and provoking their nerves.

At that moment, She gracefully stepped out of the painting, entered the Moon Palace, and appeared before everyone. Instead of immediately focusing on the battle, Her appealing gaze swept across the surroundings and landed on Xu Qing's figure.

A charming chuckle rang out.

"Stinky brother, ever since you left, my life has revolved around two things—missing you and waiting for you."

"Why didn't you call me over earlier? I've been waiting for you all this time."

As She spoke, Her gaze were filled with a smile, charm, and a hint of seduction.

Xu Qing remained silent.

The captain's heart stirred. He glanced at the gray color in the portrait and then at the seductive woman who only had Xu Qing in Her eyes. For a moment, he didn't know what to say.

The heir and the others all looked at the captain, especially Old Eighth. He sighed at Erniu.

"The difference is a little big."































































The captain opened his mouth to say something, but before he could say anything, the clay fox in the sky had already walked over with enchanting steps. Her waist swayed with alluring grace, and Her breasts and butt undulated as She arrived in front of Xu Qing.

Tenderness appeared in Her beautiful eyes as She spoke softly.

"Stinky brother, you've lost weight. Have you missed me during this time?"

Xu Qing hesitated and stood up to bow.

"Greetings, Star Flame High God."

His words turned into a trace of resentment in the eyes of the clay fox.

"Stinky brother, it seems like you don't miss me anymore."

At that moment, with Her arrival, the heir and the others became vigilant.

Endless sourness surfaced in the captain's heart. He instinctively looked at the gray color in the sky. He felt that life wasn't worth it. Why were they both high gods but the difference was so great?

One ignored him and even wanted to kill him. As for the other, Her eyes and heart were filled with thoughts of his junior brother.

That was fine. The most important thing was that one of them wasn't good-looking and the other was really quite good-looking.

This caused the captain's heart to stir, especially when he heard the other party's words. He felt that as the eldest senior brother, it was necessary for him to answer on behalf of Xu Qing. Hence, he took a few steps forward and coughed.

"Sister Star Flame, my little junior brother is a little shy. I'll answer on his behalf. He misses you very much."



The clay fox frowned and glanced at the captain with a look of disdain.

"Kidney, don't talk to me. I'm worried that my stinky brother will misunderstand, so please scram and stay away from me."

The captain took a deep breath. Regardless of whether it was in his previous lives or this life, no one had ever called him by the term 'kidney'. If he could defeat Her, he would definitely bash Her furiously at this moment.

However, after thinking about the difference between them, the captain silently lowered his head and retreated behind Xu Qing, sighing inwardly that eighth grandfather was better at speaking when compared to the clay fox.

The clay fox looked at Xu Qing and licked Her lips. Just as She was about to continue speaking, the sky rumbled and the voice of the Moon Flame High God rang out.

"Coquettish fox, are you coming or not!"

The clay fox smiled at Xu Qing.

"Stinky brother, I'll go fight first, we'll have a bit later."

As She spoke, Her body swayed and She headed straight for the abstract painting in the sky. After She fused into it, there was an additional pink color in the painting. At that moment, the four colors fused together, causing the sky to tremble violently.

The vortex in the painting spun even faster. One could only vaguely see the redness inside, as though it was being suppressed.

However, the strength of Crimson Goddess was also displayed at this moment. Even when Li Zihua fought against her head-on with the Moon Flame and Star Flame supporting him, they still couldn't completely shake Crimson Goddess.

Gradually, the expressions of the heir and the others turned solemn. The captain was also a little anxious. In the end, he gritted his teeth fiercely.

"Looks like you still have to rely on me at crucial moments!"

"My ex-wife is too weak!"

"Junior Brother, come help me out. Later, use this to knock on my head, put some force into it!"

As he spoke, the captain took out a scepter and threw it to Xu Qing.

Xu Qing caught it and his gaze fell upon it. The scepter was completely blue, emitting a faint and enticing aura, making it hard to look away after a while.

This scepter was the item in the hands of the body formed by the captain's past life body's ears on the Heavenly Bull Mountain.

"Great Sacrificial Dream Scepter!"

Xu Qing looked at the captain.

"That's right. I'm preparing to send the dream images I prepared in my previous life to Crimson Goddess to awaken Her humanity and make Her lose Her balance!"

The captain's eyes revealed madness. After he finished speaking, a blue worm flew out of his body and landed on the ground. Then, his body swayed, with his sleeves fluttering, and he raised his hands, performing a strange dance..

 Like a ritual, he rapidly spun on the ground of the Moon Palace.

As the dance continued, there was a chant coming from his mouth. Although it was impossible to hear what he was singing, one could sense the complexity within.

This scene attracted the attention of the heir and the others. As Old Eighth watched, a strange glint appeared in his eyes.

"Interesting…"

As the captain chanted and danced, lumps of fog gradually appeared on his body, displaying a myriad of colors. As they intermingled, a hazy scene emerged within these colorful mists, countless images blending into each other.

Those scenes were all dreams.

Some of these dreams were beautiful, some were sad, some were painful, and some were infatuating. They contained all the facets of human nature.

To cultivators, these dreams were like countless lives. If all of them surged into their minds, it would be like entering reincarnation and experiencing all kinds of lives. They would feel as though they had experienced countless years.

If it was serious, they would lose themselves.

However, to gods, the meaning of these dreams was different from cultivators.

It was still fine for innate gods, but for postnatal gods, their humanity, beastly nature, and divinity had already reached a balance. If any point was magnified, it could lead to collapse and imbalance.

Hence, to the postnatal gods, the dreams of these human natures were highly toxic.

However, under normal circumstances, the damage this poison caused to gods wasn't as great as one would imagine. They only needed an instant to make use of the burning of the divine fire and the divinity would be able to suppress everything, rebalancing the unbalanced state.

However, now that Crimson Goddess was fighting against Li Zihua and the two high gods, the imbalance in that instant became very significant.

Xu Qing realized all of this, and so did the heir and the others. Hence, all of their eyes lit up. The heir thought about it and blew out a breath, merging the power of cognition into the captain's fog.

The fog churned even more and absorbed the cognition power, becoming even denser.

Princess Mingmei fell quiet and sent over a wisp of the River of Time, giving this hazy dream a sense of time and space.

Old Eighth used the power of seven emotions and six desires, making the human nature in the dream more real, and this was more effective than the abilities of the heir and Princess Mingmei.

After all, Old Eighth's authority was emotions. This was a manifestation of human nature. Hence, after he attacked, the color of the fog became much more dazzling.

The captain's dance became faster and faster. The fog became denser and contained more dreams.

It could be seen that the captain had prepared extremely well for this in his previous life.

A while later, when all the dreams were formed, the captain's body suddenly trembled and he stood there motionless.

Only the voice that echoed from countless dreams penetrated all the dreams and appeared in Xu Qing's ears.

"Junior Brother!"

Xu Qing didn't hesitate. He held the scepter and rushed into the dream fog. In an instant, dreams appeared in front of him. However, the scepter in his hand emitted a blue light that enveloped Xu Qing, preventing him from being drawn into those dreams.

Xu Qing continued forward, passing through dream after dream until he reached the captain's side. He then lifted the scepter in his hand and ruthlessly slammed it down on the captain's head.

Previously, the captain had asked Xu Qing to exert force. Hence, Xu Qing didn't hesitate and went all out. As he smashed down, the captain's head directly exploded.

However, no flesh and blood splattered out. Instead, a large number of bubbles erupted in all directions from the head. These bubbles swept up the surrounding fog and headed straight for the sky.

In the blink of an eye, they arrived at the abstract painting in the sky and shattered.

Every shattering caused the vortex in the painting to reverse. There was also a heart-rending sound. After all the bubbles shattered, the vortex in the sky became a mess.

The eye inside began to bleed and the blood-red heart inside throb rapidly.

The irregular figures formed by the touching eyelashes began to devour each other like shadows.

The captain's attack caused a change in this divine battle.

As the blue worm he had reserved squirmed, his figure rapidly gathered again and appeared beside Xu Qing.

"These human dreams are enough to make that elderly hag Crimson Goddess suffer," the captain said proudly.

It was also at this moment that the figure of the Ancient Spirit Emperor, who had been hiding and only made a move at the critical moment, instantly appeared.

It was no longer an eye but thousands of bloody eyes. They were all filled with greed and headed straight for the blurry vortex in the sky from all directions.

In an instant, they fused into the vortex, causing the vortex to gain another color.

With His participation, this abstract painting became increasingly blurry and gradually revealed a scene.

The figures of Crimson Goddess' feathered flesh, Moon Flame's antler body, and Star Flame's silhouette intertwined and flashed by in an instant.

However, compared to Crimson Goddess and Moon Flame, although Star Flame's figure had also changed, Her overall charm was still intense.

The most conspicuous one was Li Zihua.

He seemed to have maintained his original form from the start. At this moment, when his figure was revealed, his right hand was lifted and he pointed at the void.

Immediately, the Moon Palace rumbled. A huge illusory shadow stepped through space and time and walked into the sky.

It was a huge fire behemoth. It had the body of a horse, the head of a crocodile, and the tail of a dragon. At this moment, it stepped on the sea of fire and descended. Its eyes carried majesty and its body emitted an olden aura. As it appeared, traces formed by rules and laws appeared around it.

At the next instant, a second figure descended in a similar way. It was a headless giant with a pair of black eyes on its chest that revealed anger. It carried the sea and arrived here.

Its body also emitted an olden aura.

Immediately after, the third, fourth, fifth… Many figures filled with ancient auras arrived one after another and appeared in the sky.

Among them were solemn-looking human figures, illusory spirits, golden seals, and mutated beings whose malevolence wasn't inferior to gods… There were a total of 99 of them.

"Immemorial Heavenly Dao!"

The captain gazed at all of this and uttered in a low voice. At the same time, the distant sky churned again. After the 99 Immemorial Heavenly Dao appeared, another one actually appeared.

It was a giant baby crawling over…

The giant baby emitted a whimpering sound, resembling the resounding roar of thunder echoing in all directions. Tears streamed from its eyes, creating a torrential downpour, and the nasal mucus beneath its nose scattered, forming patches of illusory mud.

However, it was a little far away and didn't seem to be able to crawl here.

Looking at the giant baby, the captain's eyes revealed an intense glint. He abruptly twisted his head and gazed at Xu Qing.

Xu Qing also noticed the giant baby. At this moment, an unprecedented strange light appeared in his eyes.

"Son?"

The two uttered at the same time.































































Legend had it that the Immemorial Heavenly Dao were formed by the victorious side in the ancient battle of immortals and gods. They were formed with supreme methods and into this world, bearing the mission of suppression and protection.

They suppressed the Brilliant Heaven and concealed the taboo, transforming everything into a suitable environment for cultivation, and thereby protecting cultivators.

Each of them had a long history, had their own myths and legends, and possessed terrifying power. In that era, they transformed into laws, imparting rules to the Wanggu, allowing cultivators to thrive in this world, propagate from generation to generation, until they became the masters of this realm.

Countless years later, under the protection of the Immemorial Heavenly Dao, races appeared one after another in the Wanggu Continent. Gradually, there were thousands of races and it was incomparably prosperous.

Every ancient sovereign who had unified Wanggu was actually an existence recognized by the Immemorial Heavenly Dao.

In a sense, these 99 Immemorial Heavenly Dao were the guardians of the Wanggu Continent.

Time would pass, dynasties would change, and the myriad races would have their ups and downs. Only these 99 Immemorial Heavenly Dao continued to exist since ancient times, witnessing the prosperity of the Wanggu Continent time and time again.

Of course, during this period, there were also some things that angered the heavens.

For instance, the Ancient Spirit Emperor, who had once unified the entire Wanggu Continent, had gone crazy in his later years and tried to possess the Immemorial Heavenly Dao. Hence, he attracted the descent of 99 true bodies of the Immemorial Heavenly Dao and was suppressed.

The entire Ancient Spirit Dynasty collapsed and the Ancient Spirit Race was cursed. The Ancient Spirit Emperor also paid a heavy price.

From this, one could see the status of the Immemorial Heavenly Dao in the entire Wanggu Continent.



It was only when the god's fragmented-face arrived that everything changed. The fragmented-face was above the Heavenly Dao. To a certain extent, this was another confrontation between immortals and gods.

As for the outcome… although the Immemorial Heavenly Dao were still there, they were severely suppressed and weakened. They were far weaker and the entire Wanggu Continent was invaded by anomalous substances.

The fragmented-face changed everything. All living beings were like insects in front of It. Only the Immemorial Heavenly Dao were struggling, barely maintaining their mission. However, it was difficult for them to escape the fate of being invaded.

This was also the reason why Li Zihua, who clearly had the ability to summon the Heavenly Dao, still died in battle.

The Heavenly Dao had weakened.

However, it was different today. Although the 99 Heavenly Dao were even weaker than when Li Zihua summoned them back then, Crimson Goddess' opponent wasn't just Li Zihua.

With the addition of the Moon Flame, the arrival of the Star Flame, and the appearance of the Ancient Spirit Emperor, coupled with Li Zihua's combat strength, Crimson Goddess was facing a rare crisis.

Crimson Goddess was indeed powerful and possessed terrifying abilities. She had once devoured three high gods and was also one of the rare gods in the Wanggu Continent who didn't hide and showed Herself often.

Gods could devour each other, so most of them weren't willing to expose Their tracks. For example, the master of the wicked land, the fish bone god, and the ones Xu Qing had seen before.

Only Crimson Goddess chose to ignore it to a certain extent due to Her strength.

However, She wasn't invincible; encountering multiple gods cooperating could still pose a threat to Her.

However… the characteristics of the gods determined that the possibility of Them joining forces was extremely slim.

However, today, this extremely small probability appeared in front of Her.

At that moment, under the siege of two high gods, an ancient sovereign who was no longer at His peak, and a ruler in his peak state, Crimson Goddess was already at a disadvantage. Hence, the Immemorial Heavenly Dao that descended at this critical moment were fatal to her.

This was especially so when… the number of Heavenly Daos wasn't right!

Crimson Goddess discovered it, Li Zihua discovered it, the two high gods discovered it, and the Ancient Spirit Emperor's eyes fluctuated violently.

He was the one who understood the Immemorial Heavenly Dao the most. Hence, He immediately sensed that there was an additional Immemorial Heavenly Dao!

"A hundred?"

The Ancient Spirit Emperor was surprised. At the same time, on the ground of the Moon Palace, the hearts of the heir and the others trembled. From what they knew, there were only 99 Immemorial Heavenly Dao from the start.

They were very clear that it was impossible for them to remember wrongly, but now, a hundredth had appeared.

As for the Immemorial Heavenly Dao that appeared last, it was in the form of a baby. Its skin was green and was covered in countless ancient marks. Its body also had some sharp spikes, especially its hands that were like claws. One would feel a chill just by looking at it.

However, this one clearly hadn't grown up and was climbing a little slowly. It was as though there was a mistake in its sense of direction. It couldn't accurately respond to Li Zihua's summoning and locate the descent like the other Immemorial Heavenly Dao.

It was as though this Immemorial Heavenly Dao had been sleeping before Li Zihua's summoning had triggered its mission as the Immemorial Heavenly Dao. That was why it woke up in a daze. It narrowed its eyes and crawled instinctively.

However… as it crawled, due to its lack of sense of direction, it clearly wasn't far from here a moment ago. However, at the next instant, it appeared in the spacetime further away and completely deviated from this place. Moreover, it continued forward with indomitable will.

 This scene stunned the heir and the others.

Although Xu Qing and the captain's voices fell into their ears, very few people would associate their words with this. After all… it was almost impossible for anyone to believe immediately that their son was the Immemorial Heavenly Dao.

At the same time, the suppression of the 99 Immemorial Heavenly Dao that appeared first had already begun.

One could see their figures heading straight for the abstract painting and rapidly merging into it. They suppressed Crimson Goddess in a way Xu Qing couldn't understand.

Immediately, the red color in the abstract painting collapsed and began to dim. There was also a heart-rending sound that echoed sharply.

While they were fighting, the giant baby was leaving…

"Son, Daddy is here!"

The captain and Xu Qing looked at the giant baby in the sky and its departing figure. Their breathing was hurried and the captain couldn't help but shout.

"Son, Daddy is here!"

As he spoke, he even pulled Xu Qing, indicating for him to hurry up and call out as well.

Xu Qing didn't hesitate and immediately transmitted his divine sense.

"I'm here!"

The instant their voices rang out, the battle in the abstract painting continued, but the giant baby in the sky suddenly stopped crawling. Its eyes tried their best to open completely and its head was lifted. Its ears were moving and its expression was confused.

Seeing this, the captain's eyes were filled with excitement as he shouted again. Xu Qing also continued to release his divine sense to call out to him.

Very soon, the confusion on the giant baby's face was replaced by a hint of surprise. It was as though it had heard and confirmed the voice and location of its family. It quickly turned its body and crawled toward Xu Qing and the captain.

After confirming the location and sensing its family, the giant baby erupted with even greater strength. As the color of the sky changed and the wind blew, the giant baby appeared on the Red Moon Star and in the sky of the Moon Palace.

The instant it crawled here, it turned its head and looked at Xu Qing and the captain, letting out a babbling sound.

As this sound rang out, it transformed into heavenly lightning that rumbled in all directions, causing Xu Qing and the captain to cough up blood.

After that, the giant baby exerted strength in its legs and actually stood up. Like a giant, it stumbled toward Xu Qing and the captain, as though it wanted to hug them…

However, before it got close, a terrifying fluctuation erupted from its body, forming a storm that seemed to be able to destroy the world, forcing Xu Qing and the captain to retreat. The heir and the others were also shocked and retreated separately.

One could imagine that once it got close, the consequences would be extremely great for everyone.

Seeing this, the captain panicked and hurriedly shouted.

"Son, son, don't come over yet. There's a bad woman here. Go and beat up the bad woman. The red one is the bad woman!"

The giant baby stopped in its tracks and looked at Xu Qing and the captain. Its expression was a little aggrieved and at a loss. Just as it was about to continue babbling, the suppression of the 99 Immemorial Heavenly Dao in the sky caused the heart-rending cries of Crimson Goddess to penetrate space and time, echoing outside the abstract painting.

As soon as this voice rang out, the bodies of the heir and the others immediately showed signs of collapse.

The captain's body even exploded and turned into a worm, making it difficult for him to continue forming.

Although Xu Qing possessed the body of a god, he still couldn't withstand the sharp sound. In the blink of an eye, half of his body turned to dust. The purple crystal continued to restore him, but the intense pain brought about by this spread through his entire body like a tide.

When this scene fell into the giant baby's eyes, its body instantly trembled and the expression on its tiny face was replaced by extreme anger. Clearly, Xu Qing and the captain's injuries caused the giant baby to be infuriated.

It suddenly turned its head and stared fixedly at the red color in the vortex. A mournful babbling sound came from its mouth as it quickly crawled over. In the blink of an eye, it got close and fused into the vortex of the abstract painting.

With its addition, Crimson Goddess' state became even more miserable.

The Moon Flame, Star Flame, and the Ancient Spirit Emperor seized this opportunity and spread out their divine origins. In a way that Xu Qing and the others couldn't understand, they actually caused this abstract painting to stop!

It wasn't just the painting that was still but everything in the Moon Palace.

Regardless of whether it was the rules, laws, spacetime, and so on, all of them seemed to have been sealed at this instant.

It was the same for Xu Qing and the others' figures and lives. Everything on the Red Moon Star froze.

After losing the concept of time, it was impossible to describe how much time possessed passed. It could be an instant or a lifetime. In short, at the next moment, a crack emerged on the abstract painting in the sky.

The crack became the only moving object. It spread out and rapidly emerged in the whole painting like a tree branch.

If one took a closer look, they would see that these cracks… were all above red.

The red color was shattering!

Finally, the painting collapsed silently. All the redness inside… turned into nothingness in the blink of an eye!

A sturdy sense of sorrow spread in the Moon Palace and the Red Moon Star. It churned in the whole Moon Worship Region and even spread further, causing the hidden divine creatures and gods to sense it.

That was caused by the decline of a god!

A god possessed fallen.

The greatest sorrow wasn't in the Red Moon Star but in the land of the wicked. The instant the god died, innumerable wails rang out from the land of the wicked in an unknown place.

The land of the wicked trembled and the souls were in chaos. The cries of sorrow turned into a storm that would howl eternally.































































In the sky of the Moon Palace, the moment the red light shattered and the god fell, the abstract painting didn't dissipate!

It still continued to exist.

Moreover, from this stillness, it suddenly rotated. Although the Red Moon Star also trembled intensely the instant the god fell, Xu Qing could clearly sense through his Red Moon authority…

The source was still there!

Crimson Goddess, who had the authority of the Red Moon like him, didn't disappear!

This scene caused Xu Qing's mind to stir. At this moment, the captain barely formed a head. Looking at this, he couldn't help but take a deep breath and speak rapidly.

"The one who died wasn't that old hag Crimson Goddess but the master of the land of the wicked who was devoured by Her!"

"At the last moment, this old woman gave up on devouring the master of the land of the wicked and sent it out to withstand the calamity of certain death in Her place!"

Almost at the instant the captain's voice rang out, a deep voice echoed in the abstract scene in the sky.

"Li Zihua, do you think I don't know that the moment you became a god back then, you glimpsed into the future… And I have always been in the position of a god!"

"I foresaw a calamity in this life, so in order to overcome it, I devoured other gods to strengthen myself."

As the voice rang out, the entire Moon Palace instantly turned red. Endless red light spread out from the painting and spread throughout the entire world, enveloping Xu Qing and the others.

Their blood couldn't be controlled at this moment. The surroundings instantly distorted and the blurry intent became everything.



Endless anomalous substances erupted here.

The gray color in the painting rapidly dissipated, the pink color was dimming, and the eyeballs of the Ancient Spiritual Emperor would occasionally collapse.

Also, the Heavenly Dao that Li Zihua summoned began to hide.

If it was before the god's fragmented-face arrived, with Li Zihua's ability, the might of the Heavenly Dao would be even greater and he could use them many times.

But now… one move was already the limit of what the Heavenly Dao could display. Their mission was to protect Wanggu, and they were in a weakened state, barely struggling against the god's fragmented-face.

At this moment, their mission determined that they wouldn't continue, so they gradually disappeared.

As for Xu Qing and the captain's son, although it was roaring, it was still very weak after all and hadn't grown up. At this moment, it slowly closed its eyes and disappeared.

Immediately after, a huge blood-colored tentacle appeared from the abstract painting in the sky and headed straight for the ground, piercing into it amidst rumbling sounds.

This tentacle was covered in bloody feathers that emitted the might of a god.

After that, a second tentacle appeared, followed by a third and a fourth. In the blink of an eye, over a hundred tentacles pierced into the ground, saturating the world with an intense blood-red color.

An awakening force erupted from the painting as well as from the Red Moon.

The Red Moon Star shook violently and cracks appeared on the ground. As the red light flickered, tentacles covered in bloody feathers stretched out from these cracks!

As the number of cracks increased, the number of tentacles also increased.

In the end, from afar, the entire Red Moon Star seemed to have become a sphere of hair.

Those tentacles were like hair, constantly swaying, creating a terrifyingly bizarre scene.

It was as though an even more terrifying existence was awakening in the Red Moon Star. The aura it emitted spread throughout the star and the Moon Worship Region.

That was… the aura of Crimson Goddess!

The one fighting against Li Zihua and the others was Crimson Goddess. The existence in the Red Moon Star was also Crimson Goddess.

At that moment, as the Red Moon Star trembled and a large number of cracks appeared, this star underwent astonishing changes. Wherever its aura passed, the soil on the ground would turn into flesh and blood.

Shortly after, this star… completely transformed into a lump of bloody flesh that was also like a head.

Its facial features grew out, and it looked exactly like Crimson Goddess. However, the eye sockets were hollow, devoid of eyeballs.

At the center of its brows, the location of the Moon Palace emerged, and beneath it, within the Moon Palace, the abstract painting on the sky collapsed extensively. An identical fleshy head sank down from the painting.

 Surrounding it were the retreating Moon Flame High God and Star Flame High God. Their expressions were solemn. Among them, Moon Flame High God arrived at the captain's side in a single step. Her majestic body emitted a terrifying pressure and Her divine sense spread.

"Can you replay the scene of summoning Father?"

As She spoke, Her gaze landed on Xu Qing. She then lifted Her hand and grabbed.

However, in the blink of an eye, a piece of pink mud appeared in front of the Moon Flame High God, stopping Her from grabbing.

After that, the figure of the Star Flame appeared in front of Xu Qing. There was a smile on Her peerlessly beautiful face but Her eyes were cold as She looked at Moon Flame.

"Sister, he's mine."

The Moon Flame High God's eyes were also cold as She looked at the Star Flame.

"Crimson Goddess is already close to breaking through the high god stage. Her divine fire is extremely exuberant and she's half a step away from raising her divine platform. If we don't have any other methods today, this battle will be meaningless."

The captain, who had just formed his head, narrowed his eyes when he saw this scene. His gaze flickered with madness as he looked at Xu Qing.

"Junior Brother, do you remember Fenghai County?"

Xu Qing lifted his head and stared in the direction the Heavenly Dao giant baby had disappeared in.

"Eldest Senior Brother, the Fenghai County you're talking about is the Fenghai County of the Purple Green Kingdom, right?"

"That's right. The county governor of the Purple Green Kingdom's Fenghai County was called Bai Xiaozhuo." The madness in the captain's eyes intensified.

"Junior Brother, do you blame Eldest Senior Brother for dragging you to the Moon Worship Region this time? After all, from the looks of it now, the possibility of us failing is very high. Although I've prepared a lot, it still doesn't seem to be enough."

Xu Qing turned his head and met the captain's gaze.

"Back then, Bai Xiaozhuo used a sacrificial method to make the fragmented-face open Its eyes…"

The captain smiled when he heard this. He stared at Xu Qing and spoke softly.

"Junior Brother, do you blame Eldest Senior Brother for dragging you to the Moon Worship Region this time? After all, from the looks of it now, the possibility of us failing is very high. Although I've prepared a lot, it still doesn't seem to be enough."

Xu Qing shook his head.

"Eldest Senior Brother, when have there never been any accidents in the big things you brought me to do?"

If there wasn't any accident, he wouldn't be the captain. From the first time Xu Qing and the captain did something big, Xu Qing knew that the captain was crazy. Every time he did something big, they would have to risk their lives.

When the captain heard Xu Qing's words, he laughed and the madness in his eyes intensified.

"But this time, there won't be any accidents!"

"Yes, Junior Brother, you asked me before if I deliberately suppressed my cultivation to avoid breaking through, all for the sake of entering the Divine Son's Nascent Soul time period, didn't you?"

"That's right. My plan was to enter the time node of the Divine Son's Nascent Soul realm and make a deal with Li Zihua, who was still a god at that time!"

"After that, before we stepped onto the Red Moon, I arranged a crazy plan for the fourth hall master and the others."

At the same time, rumbling sounds rang out in the sky again. The figure of the Ancient Spirit Emperor also retreated at this moment. A black hole appeared behind Him, as though He was about to leave.

Only Li Zihua didn't retreat. He silently looked at Crimson Goddess' head in front of him. An aura of destruction rose from his body and flames erupted.

He burned his cultivation and everything else as he walked toward Crimson Goddess.

"Li Zihua, you chose Profound Earth and gave up on the path of gods to become a cultivator, so you have a weakness and a flaw… you have become old."

"You couldn't stop me back then, so how can you stop me today?!"

Crimson Goddess' bloody head suddenly split open from the middle, emitting a buzzing sound that was like the sound of all living beings. Her body swayed and instantly overlapped with Li Zihua's, starting to devour him.

Li Zihua's expression didn't change. His entire body was surrounded by flames and he let Crimson Goddess devour him. Only his eyes revealed a hint of gentleness at this instant.

"Back then, when I left Brilliant Heaven, the Ancestral God told me that you were more suitable to ignite the divine fire than me."

When Crimson Goddess heard this, She was about to speak. However, at this moment, Her divine sense suddenly moved and She looked at the Moon Worship Region for the first time. To Her, the Moon Worship Region was only food, so She had never looked at it since the battle began.

However, at that moment, She sensed something. The moment Her divine sense swept over, Her emotions clearly fluctuated.

At the same time, the figure of the Ancient Spirit Emperor, who was about to escape, also paused and suddenly looked at the Moon Worship Region.

Moon Flame and Star Flame also looked over in unison.

In this Moon Worship Region that wasn't valued by these gods, a shocking change was happening!

The fourth hall master, second hall master, and those Nihility subordinates didn't follow the heir and the others onto the Red Moon. They were left on the ground.

The moment Xu Qing and the others landed on the Red Moon Star, the fourth hall master and the others had started their mission.

They sealed the cultivation base of all the cultivators of the Red Moon Shrine and gathered them at seven locations.

Among them, the headquarters on the Repentance Plain had the most people.

The other six locations were the branches dispersed in the Moon Worship Region.

As the Red Moon Shrine collapsed, the Divine Son died, and the Red Moon Shrine's cultivators were suppressed, the number of Red Moon cultivators imprisoned in these seven locations was extremely high.

Even more imprisoned were those who were affiliated with the Red Moon Shrine.

The experts among these cultivators had their cultivation bases suppressed and were imprisoned in these seven locations.

In terms of numbers, it might still be inferior to Bai Xiaozhuo sacrificing all living beings of an whole county back then.

Even when their cultivation bases and quality were compared, it was still inferior to all living beings in Bai Xiaozhuo's county back then.

However, it didn't matter… In the past, Crown Prince Purple Green's death alone caused the god's fragmented-face to open Its eyes for him. Hence, although the number of sacrifices was important, the person presiding over this offering was even more important.

At that moment, as the hearts of the Red Moon cultivators in the whole Moon Worship Region trembled, the place where the ruler had once stood on the Repentance Plain was now empty.

In this empty space, a beam of white light erupted.

This light arrived from nothingness, from spacetime, and from the past.

Its appearance instantly transformed into a vast figure.

This figure's appearance was none other than Li Zihua. However, unlike Li Zihua in the Moon Palace who had been devoured by Crimson Goddess, Li Zihua, who had emerged here, had divine fire burning on his body.

He arrived from the past, from the time node of the Divine Son's Nascent Soul!

It was the captain who had located Him and lured Him over, but it didn't look like He would last for long.

The moment He appeared, Li Zihua coldly raised His head and glanced at the Red Moon Star. After that, His gaze landed even higher, looking at the god's fragmented-face.

"I, the descendant of the Brilliant Heaven, am the first person to become a god since the immortals descended."

His voice morphed into heavenly lightning that shook the whole world!































































Li Zihua's voice echoed in the Moon Worship Region, causing void to rumble and lightning to flash.

However, the fragmented-face was indifferent. Although It was facing here now, It didn't open Its eyes.

Mournful wails rang out from the seven locations where the Red Moon Shrine cultivators were gathered.

Li Zihua's voice was filled with the intent of extermination. In an instant, the bodies of these Red Moon cultivators and the forces they were attached to began to tremble.

Their skins split open on their own, revealing their flesh. At this moment, their flesh trembled and fell off their bones one by one, piling up into a small mountain on the ground.

The last to fall were their heads that had lost their flesh and blood.

There were such small mountains in all of the seven locations.

The small flesh mountains then combined to form large flesh mountains.

There were a total of seven of them. The smell of blood even materialized and rose into the air like smoke, like tears from the sky.

The fragmented-face of the god in the sky was still indifferent.

This lasted until… Li Zihua's body began to tear.

The current Him was a god.

His tearing caused the sky and earth to change color and the wind to surge. As His flesh fell, the eighth fleshy mountain rose from the ground.

It rose higher and higher.

Countless pieces of flesh piled up into a supreme mountain peak.

Its height was actually the same as the Red Moon Star. In the end… Li Zihua's head also floated to the top of the mountain after losing all its flesh and blood.



From the start to the end, His expression was cold and emotionless. The moment His head came into contact with the mountain of flesh, His empty eye sockets looked at the sky.

At this moment, the fragmented-face of the god in the sky slowly… opened Its eyes!

Different from the scene that appeared in Xu Qing's purple crystal, this time, the god's fragmented-face truly opened Its eyes. As It opened Its eyes, calmness appeared in Its golden pupils.

As Its gaze landed, the Moon Worship Region distorted and became blurry.

The blood rain landed on Li Zihua's mountain of flesh. The calamity had descended on the Repentance Plain and this place… was changing.

This change was irreversible.

The anomalous substances that surpassed all gods rose on the Repentance Plain, changing the earth, everyone, and everything here.

The entire Repentance Plain was becoming a new forbidden zone. Some strange life forms were born inside.

That mountain of flesh was also rapidly becoming the master of the forbidden zone. It had a new life and a new consciousness.

At that moment, all the living beings in the Wanggu Continent trembled. No matter where they were, they could see the god's fragmented-face and the act of opening Its eyes.

Countless negative emotions such as fear, horror, and panic erupted in the Wanggu Continent.

There were also blurry shadows of the Heavenly Dao appearing in the sky of the Wanggu Continent, as though they wanted to resist and stop It.

However, it was useless. They could only let out soundless wails, and some of them were dying.

These were the 100,000 Heavenly Dao of the Wanggu Continent.

They were different from the 99 Immemorial Heavenly Dao. Every time the fragmented-face opened Its eyes, it was a destruction to these Heavenly Dao.

Red Moon Star was also affected.

It was in the sky above the Repentance Plain and within sight of the god's fragmented-face.

At that moment, it was trembling unprecedentedly. The scene that happened when Xu Qing's purple crystal summoned the fragmented-face's gaze reappeared at this moment.

The first place the god's gaze saw would become a forbidden zone.

 The second time would turn it into a forbidden region.

The third time would make it a Divine Realm.

As for the fourth time… it was called the Divine World!

The Red Moon began to beat. On a timeline, it flickered disorderly. Immediately after, countless Red Moon stars appeared in countless spacetime.

They intertwined and overlapped with each other. After these countless actions, a scene that Xu Qing didn't see clearly back then appeared!

In the depths of these countless Red Moon stars, a haziness appeared. This haziness rapidly expanded and finally covered an endless range, enveloping the countless Red Moon stars.

It transformed into an incomparably vast face!

The appearance of this face was none other than that of Crimson Goddess. As for the countless Red Moon stars that formed this face, every time they intersected and overlapped, they would form the microexpression of this face.

These microexpressions made this face seem alive and lifelike!

It was as though every expression on this face represented the rotation of a thought, and with it, a space-time based on this thought would appear.

This was the reason why the Red Moon Star appeared in many spacetimes.

Different thoughts caused more and more spacetime to appear.

Just like choices, it seemed that to this face, every time it made a choice, a different time and space would appear. According to this choice, a new world would evolve.

This was the Divine World.

At this moment, the Repentance Plain became a forbidden zone, while the Red Moon Star on it transformed into a Divine World!

At this moment, the eye of the god's fragmented-face slowly closed.

On the Red Moon Star, Crimson Goddess was trembling. Li Zihua, who was being devoured by her, still had a gentle expression. He stared at the pained Crimson Goddess and waved his hand.

At the next instant, Xu Qing, the captain, the heir, and the others instantly disappeared from the Red Moon Star. When they reappeared, they were already outside the Repentance Plain in the Moon Worship Region.

Almost at the instant they left, the agonizing cries of Crimson Goddess turned into a storm that swept in all directions, even destroying the Moon Palace.

Crimson Goddess' body collapsed!

The face of the Divine World also altered rapidly. It was no longer Crimson Goddess but had lost its facial features, turning into a blank face.

The Red Moon Star was transformed into a Divine World by the god's fragmented-face. However, Crimson Goddess clearly couldn't support this change. It was like if a great tonic exceeded a certain range, it would become highly toxic.

Too much was as bad as not enough!

Therefore, She was collapsing, She was breaking into pieces, She was dying, and She was screaming.

As for the Red Moon Star, it was disappearing!

At this moment, the eyes of the Ancient Spirit Emperor, who was still in the Moon Palace, revealed covetousness as He rushed over crazily. His body transformed into countless eyeballs, and a ghastly mouth appeared in each of them, ruthlessly devouring the collapsing Crimson Goddess.

At the next instant, blood-curdling screeches rang out as a large number of eyeballs collapsed. However, there was still a portion of them that quickly hid after biting Crimson Goddess' flesh and blood, disappearing from the Moon Palace.

Overall, the flesh swallowed by the Ancient Spirit Emperor accounted for 10% of Crimson Goddess' body.

It wasn't that He didn't want to continue, but He couldn't do it anymore.

At the same time, Moon Flame and Star Flame couldn't care less. They instantly got close and tore apart Crimson Goddess' flesh, taking away about 10% each. They wanted to continue, but the disappearing Red Moon Star brought them a huge crisis.

What really made them decide that they couldn't continue was Li Zihua's weak voice.

"You can't be greedy."

Moon Flame and Star Flame's eyes flashed. They didn't hesitate and instantly disappeared.

The instant they left, the Red Moon Star completely blurred and faded in the sky. It was as though it had been erased and dissipated into the sky.

The moment the Red Moon Star dissipated, outside the Moon Worship Region's Repentance Plain, the captain who had been sent out by Li Zihua suddenly trembled and collapsed.

After that, his body parts quickly gathered together again. His eyes were filled with excitement as they blinked rapidly at Xu Qing, who had a solemn expression on his face.

Xu Qing's gaze swept over and he immediately understood that the captain was transmitting the number three to him.

However, he understood that now wasn't the time to ask. In the sky, the Red Moon Star had disappeared. Not only did it disappear from the Moon Worship Region, but it also disappeared from the Wanggu Continent.

From now on, the moons of the Wanggu Continent would be one less.

"It's still here…" Xu Qing lifted his head and looked at the sky.

He possessed a portion of the Red Moon's authority, so even though others couldn't sense it, Xu Qing could vaguely sense the Red Moon that had become a Divine World, in a place very far away from the Wanggu Continent.

Outside the Wanggu Continent, in the depths of the starry sky, in the endless void…

There were countless vortices of varying sizes. Their colors were different and they were all resplendent as they slowly rotated.

No one knew what this place was and almost no cultivators had stepped foot here.

At that moment, among the countless vortices, another one silently appeared.

Compared to the other vortices, it was tiny and red.

In this vortex was a blank face formed by countless spacetime and Red Moon stars. Between the brows of this face was a spacetime, and the Red Moon star inside burned with golden flames.

This was divine fire. It didn't come from Crimson Goddess or Li Zihua. From its aura, this fire belonged to the Red Moon's Divine Son, who was also the fourth prince who had died.

There was something else in the flames, and it was the core of this divine fire.

It was an eyeball.

It was the eye Xu Qing had seen in the Divine Son's secret repository.

It was… the left eye of Crimson Goddess.

At that moment, in the pupil of this eye, the figure of Crimson Goddess slowly appeared. It grew larger and larger and finally occupied all of the eyeball, growing flesh outside it.

Her once empty eyes now had an eyeball in Her left eye socket.

Flesh and blood piled up until Crimson Goddess' body was completely formed.

Crimson Goddess opened Her eyes.

Her once empty eyes now had an eyeball in Her left eye socket.

A vast might erupted from Her body, spreading through this spacetime and affecting the other spacetimes in an attempt to change everything.

However, at the next instant, a blood-curdling scream rang out from Her mouth!

"Li Zihua…"

Crimson Goddess' voice was bitter. The moment She spoke, Li Zihua's figure materialized in Her left eye. He quickly occupied the eyeball and also spread to Crimson Goddess' body.

Crimson Goddess quaked and wanted to resist, but it was useless. Her appearance gradually changed. Her body altered from a woman to a man until finally, She looked like Li Zihua.

During this process, Crimson Goddess' voice became increasingly bitter, echoing in the Moon Palace.

"So this was your plan…"

"You knew about my arrangements long ago, so you sacrificed your fourth prince."

"Li Zihua, it's not that you don't want to become a god, but you're unwilling to bear the great karma after becoming a god. So, although you cut off my mortal form, you didn't really kill me and pushed me to become a god. After I endured the great karma, you revived on me."

Crimson Goddess' voice became weaker and weaker. In the end, after She transformed into Li Zihua's appearance, She shut Her eyes and Her voice turned into lingering sounds. There was unwillingness, resentment, and confusion. In the end, She sighed.

"Brother, I'll fulfill your wish…"

Crimson Goddess had fallen.

After a long time, His eyes slowly opened.

Li Zihua returned.

"Fourth Sister, the path of Brilliant Heaven is wrong… The path of Profound Earth is also wrong."

"Immortals and gods can actually… fuse."

"That's why I said that the mission still remains."

Li Zihua mumbled softly and looked in the direction of the Wanggu Continent. After a long time, He raised His hand and grabbed. The Red Moon Divine World shrunk in front of Him and finally transformed into an eyeball. He held it in His hand and pressed it into His right eye.

After that, He turned and calmly strolled into the depths of the void.

He moved further and further away.

Only the sound of a nursery rhyme came out of His mouth, carrying an inexplicable melody that resounded in the void.

"Once upon a time, there was a big doll, followed by a row of little dolls. Ten dolls, six, seven, eight, with red eyes and gray hair. Silent all day long, the older children saw and shouted, 'Kids, don't fear…"

"Until one day suddenly, the big doll got sick, the second doll looked, the third doll bought medicine, the fifth doll boiled, the sixth doll died, the seventh doll laughed, the eighth doll dug a hole, the ninth doll jumped, the tenth doll's tears fell on the ground. I went to ask him why he was crying…"

"The fourth doll is lost and won't come back!"

In this nursery rhyme, the fourth doll mentioned might not be just referring to the fourth prince, but also the ruler's fourth sister…































































The change in the Moon Worship started from the battle between Crimson Goddess and Li Zihua after she became a god.

Perhaps the war between them hadn't ended as the world thought.

Perhaps this huge battle had shuttled through time and space since ancient times and had been carried out in a way that the world couldn't understand.

It spanned across countless years…

Only now did this battle come to an end.

The haze that had enveloped this large region for countless years also dissipated with the disappearance of the Red Moon Star.

As for where the Red Moon went?

Did Crimson Goddess really die?

Would Li Zihua appear again…

No one knew the answer, whether it be the outsiders, or the people who participated in this battle.

To the current living beings in the Moon Worship Region, the only thing they could be sure of was that this battle would become a legend that would be passed down by them generation after generation.

One could imagine that countless years later, the myriad races that were born in this large region would see traces of this battle in ancient records. They would learn that in the distant ages, the region they inhabited was once dominated by a curse.

They would also understand that this curse had been broken after the legendary battle ended.



If one day, the descendants who lived in this region were qualified to step into spacetime and return to this day, they would definitely be able to sense the changes in the entire Moon Worship Region after the Red Moon disappeared.

Everything began to revive.

Hope had descended.

In the long river of Sacrificial Yin that surrounded the region, the river water changed from red to clear. The bones that had been buried for countless years inside turned into silt and stopped churning.

Without the Red Moon Curse in the bloodline of all living beings, they no longer needed curse-resolving pills or curse subduing pills. Their footsteps were no longer restricted to this large region.

Freedom was returned to the living beings of the Moon Worship.

However, having endured the torment of countless epochs and borne the weight of despair, those who stood at the intersection of the old and the new era found it challenging to dispel the weariness that lingered in their bodies and minds, even amid the cheers and excitement.

They were very tired.

Moon Worship also needed to recuperate.

Hence, the heir walked out. With his status, he had to complete his duty and mission at this moment.

His cultivation was enough to bear the responsibility.

Under everyone's expectations, the heir took over his father's former authority and became the Lord of the Moon Worship.

The heir had chosen the location of the new Moon Worship Palace in the Bitter Life Mountain Range. From now on, he would preside over this place and protect this region.

In the depths of the Moon Worship Palace, there was an ordinary apothecary.

There was no need to define this place. It would be connected to the legend because this apothecary was a part of the legend and also the beginning of the legend.

The owner of the apothecary wasn't the heir but a person named Xu Qing.

As for the ownership of the entire Moon Worship Region, the heir ultimately didn't choose to return it to the human race but instead declared it as an independent entity.

Moon Worship's name didn't change either.

However, its meaning was completely different.

It was no longer worshiping but offering.

Offer the Red Moon!

This was a choice between the heir and his siblings and also the choice of all living beings in the Moon Offering Region. Princess Mingmei also had her own responsibilities.

 She went to the northern icy plains, which was originally her fiefdom.

In the north, Princess Mingmei established an academic institution called the Beiming Palace. In the coming years, she would educate all living beings and offer everything she had to her people.

The fifth princess also had a mission.

She used her ability to repair the Moon Rebel Mirror. After it was pieced together again, it rose high and floated in the sky of the Moon Offering Region.

It became the sun.

As for herself, she chose to enter the Moon Rebel Mirror and meditate there forever, releasing her authority and light, allowing the Moon Offering Region to have sunlight from now on. All things were nourished and their vitality was flourishing.

The cultivators in the Moon Rebel Hall regained their freedom and could choose their own paths. A portion of them chose to remove their connection with the Moon Rebel Hall and return to their respective races to work hard for recovery.

There was also a portion who were willing to stay in the Moon Rebel Mirror and use their unlimited lives to become the Sun's guards.

The last part followed the heir to protect this home with him.

Old Eighth's choice was different from his siblings. His personality wasn't suitable for him to exist in a place for a long time. His previous imprisonment allowed him to make his own judgment about the changes in the outside world over the countless years.

Hence, he chose to wander around in the human world and left the Moon Offering Region. He wanted to take a good look at this familiar and unfamiliar Wanggu Continent.

As for Old Ninth… as the strongest among all his siblings, he walked into the Repentance Plain and walked to the side of the mountain of flesh formed by his father's flesh and blood.

In front of the lord of the forbidden zone, Old Ninth sat down cross-legged and didn't move at all.

His divine sense covered the entire forbidden zone and also the Moon Offering Region. He was cultivating and searching for his father's previous path.

The matter in the Moon Offering Region came to an end.

As for the gains from the battle with Crimson Goddess, the people who participated in that battle made different gains and wouldn't tell others.

However, everyone was very satisfied with what they gained.

The Ancient Spirit Emperor didn't look for Xu Qing again. Clearly, He felt that He had gained a lot.

Moon Flame and Star Flame didn't appear again. They definitely thought that Their gains weren't small.

The heir and the others didn't say anything about this. However, looking at the results, they might have received something else from their father.

As for Xu Qing and the captain… On the surface, they were the ones who gained the least, obtaining only Crimson Goddess' clone, Zhang Siyun.

In order to obtain this benefit, they had paid a lot. Regardless of whether it was the effect of Xu Qing's authority over the Red Moon, the captain's many preparations in his previous life, or the Suns of Dawn.

All of this made this benefit seem in line with their cultivation allocations, but in terms of value, it appeared somewhat forced.

Hence, the captain found the heir and the others many times and put on a bitter expression. He even didn't hesitate to summon the Moon Flame High God, wanting an explanation. He even asked Xu Qing to talk with the Ancient Spirit Emperor and the clay fox.

He looked like someone whose salary had been with the landlord had defaulted on his salary.

However, the Moon Flame High God ignored him and the Ancient Spirit Emperor didn't respond at all.

As for the clay fox, Xu Qing gave up on communicating after some thought.

Only the heir and the others looked at the captain meaningfully, as though they knew what he had really gained.

If it was anyone else, they would probably feel a little awkward.

However, the captain didn't. He still asked for an explanation. In the end, he put on a resentful expression and left with a sigh.

When they arrived at a place with no one around, the captain quickly took out the remaining two pieces of the Sun of Dawn. He even got Xu Qing to take out the remaining one he had.

After that, he was still worried and spat out large mouthfuls of blood, sealing the surroundings and making Xu Qing unleash the authority of the Red Moon.

Although the Red Moon had disappeared, Xu Qing's authority… was still there!

Moreover, it was a little different from the past. As for the details, Xu Qing still needed to study it in detail before he could understand it.

However, no matter what, with the joint efforts of the two of them, there was finally an area where they could talk about the spoils.

"Little Qing, have you learned? We want outsiders to think we have gained very little, so they won't be envious. Although gods are omniscient and omnipotent, when it involves beings at the stage of Crimson Goddess and Li Zihua, this omniscience and omnipotence will be suppressed."

"Therefore, we have to complain and express that we've suffered a huge loss!"

The captain was radiant with joy and his face was filled with excitement.

Xu Qing immediately nodded. He naturally knew the captain's intentions. In reality, although he didn't know the specifics of the captain's gains this time, he had already made a rough judgment when he saw the captain blinking three times before.

"Little Qing, we have struck it rich!!" The captain's voice was trembling and his breathing was hurried. After saying this, he instinctively gazed around and lowered his voice.

"This time, our benefits aren't just Crimson Goddess' clone, Zhang Siyun. There's also this!"

As the captain spoke, he lifted his right hand and spread it out in front of Xu Qing, revealing three fingernails inside…

"Little Qing, do you comprehend what these are? These are the fingernails of Crimson Goddess. Anything that belongs to Her are supreme treasures. It's much better than the fishbone weapons the elder man gave us. They can't be compared at all."

The captain was excited.

"When we return, the old man will drool when he sees our harvest. Haha."

Amidst the captain's smugness, his small eyes quickly glanced at Xu Qing.

Xu Qing was expressionless. He glanced at the three small fingernails in the captain's hand and then lifted his head. His eyes were calm and he did not say a word.

The captain blinked and coughed.

"Little Qing, do you comprehend what the greatest joy in life is? It's satisfaction. You have to learn from me on this point. I'm a person who's especially easy to satisfy."

"Think about it. Crimson Goddess is a high god. We successfully resolved the threat Crimson Goddess posed to us this time. This is our greatest harvest. There's additionally her clone. This harvest is also greater. The most important thing is these three large fingernails."

"This is a treasure. However, Little Qing, you're my junior brother and I have to take care of you, so I'll give you two. One is enough for me."

The captain gazed incomparably generous and gave Xu Qing two small fingernails. After that, he turned and was about to leave.

Xu Qing's expression was extremely calm from the start to the end. He took the two small fingernails and kept them. After that, he took out a bamboo slip and began to carve.

When the captain saw this scene, his heart skipped a beat and he hurriedly arrived beside Xu Qing. His gaze landed on the bamboo slip and he saw Xu Qing carving his name…

Hence, he blinked and coughed.

"Junior Brother, Eldest Senior Brother is joking with you. Haha, quickly placed this bamboo slip away… There's no need, there's no need."

At this point, the captain's expression turned solemn and he spoke in a low voice.

"How can our true gains be these three fingernails? It's…"

The captain lifted his right hand and spread it out again.

Three bubbles appeared in his palm. Each of them contained a finger that had formed from the fusion of feathers and flesh. Drenched in blood, they were vivid and eye-catching, exuding a powerful divine force.

ba4ab1a1266003995afe158c9b7c3b3bbb180a1a1a8620bce1679ce5965509134ea987e4299cf7e683aac6ea92b79fa5d95bee0a6928bdb57f6074b21bac40dd































































Xu Qing looked at the fingers in the three bubbles and then lifted his head to look at the captain.

The captain looked sincere.

"Little Qing, how is it? Our gains this time are good, right? Haha."

Xu Qing didn't speak. The cultivation base in his body instantly circulated and his aura erupted. A secret repository appeared behind him, causing the wind and clouds to surge and the surroundings to tremble.

His eyes instantly turned pitch-black. As the Poison Restriction spread out, the sun and moon rose and fell in the secret repository. The mosasaur Heavenly Dao roared inside, forming a sea of heat.

The furnace was burning.

In an instant, invisible nomological threads spread out from the secret repository and lingered around Xu Qing.

These were the laws and rules of his secret repository world. As they spread out, they enveloped the place he was at, forming a battlefield that belonged to him.

Xu Qing's body emitted the intent of the Heavenly Dao.

This wasn't the end. Anomalous substances also grew in the surroundings at this moment. That was the aura of the Poison Restriction, rapidly transforming this place.

When the captain saw this, he felt a little timid but on the surface, he glared.

"Little Qing, you don't believe your senior brother?"

As he spoke, the captain's cultivation base also erupted and a secret repository rose behind him.

His secret repository was different from Xu Qing's. It didn't contain a world but was pitch-black like hell. There were also intimidating roars echoing inside, forming the power of laws that belonged to him that spread in all directions, engaging in intangible confrontation with Xu Qing's laws.

"Little Qing, looks like I have to establish my dignity as the Eldest Senior Brother." The captain waved his hand, and blue light flashed in his eyes.



Xu Qing's outburst continued. The Purple Moon in the secret repository shone and slowly rose. The Purple Moon hung high in this area and as its light spread, it wasn't usual beams of light but rather… strands of purple worms.

These worms blotted out the sky and covered the earth. Sometimes, they revealed their true forms, and sometimes, they transformed into moonlight.

When they landed on the captain's body, the captain's heart trembled. His blue light was being scattered by the purple light. However, when he thought of how he was the eldest senior brother, the captain instantly gained new motivation. Faces appeared in his eyes, and the eyes of those faces reflected more faces.

Layer after layer, all emitting blue light, causing his entire body to shine brightly. Simultaneously, his figure underwent transformations, giving rise to blue worms, each of them showing a keen desire in their eyes as they wriggled.

"Little Qing, it's been a long time since the two of us fought. The last time was on the Forbidden Sea. Come, come, come. Whoever loses this time will…"

Just as the captain said this, monstrous thunder rang out from Xu Qing's body. As purple light erupted, he lifted his right hand and pointed at the sky.

The direction he pointed in was none other than the god's fragmented-face.

This scene was similar to the action and aura he had used to summon the fragmented-face in the purple crystal in the Moon Palace. It was as though he was really going to summon It again.

Although there was no longer the fragmented-face image in his purple crystal…

However, the captain was clearly uncertain. At that moment, the captain's eyelids trembled and his heart trembled violently. He swallowed the words he wanted to say. After blinking, the captain laughed.

"Junior Brother, don't be rash. Eldest Senior Brother remembered wrongly, cough cough."

As he spoke, the captain quickly lifted his hand and took out three more bloody feathers.

"It's six fingers, not three."

The purple light on Xu Qing's body grew even denser.

The captain's heart raced and he felt even less confident. Hence, his expression was solemn as he took out three more feathers from his storage bag.

"Cough, forget it, forget it. Little Qing, that's really all."

The captain sighed and retracted all his cultivation as he looked at Xu Qing helplessly.

The aura on Xu Qing's body slowly dissipated until Purple Moon returned to the secret repository. The secret repository then faded and everything in the surroundings returned to normal.

Seeing this, the captain relaxed and looked smug. He thought to himself, 'Little Qing, oh Little Qing, you're still too inexperienced.'

Although this was what he thought in his heart, on the surface, the captain looked helpless as he spoke in a low voice.

 "Little Qing, take 70% of these. Eldest Senior Brother was wrong. He shouldn't have been greedy."

Xu Qing didn't speak. He silently looked at the captain. After some thought, his gaze gradually changed, revealing a hint of unfamiliarity. There was also a hint of loneliness on him at this moment.

His gaze and expression caused the captain's heart to clench.

"Eldest Senior Brother…" Xu Qing said softly. This was the first thing he said from the start to the end.

When the captain heard this, his body trembled.

"I don't want them anymore, Eldest Senior Brother," Xu Qing mumbled.

"You can take them all."

"I miss Fenghai County. I'll go back first."

Xu Qing's voice was a little hoarse. After he finished speaking, he turned and walked into the distance. A lonely sensation spread from his body, giving off a sense of bleakness.

The captain couldn't tell that this scene was somewhat similar to the move he had used on Xu Qing in the past…

At that moment, he looked at Xu Qing's back view and intense waves rose in his heart. He also felt endless guilt. He felt that he had indeed gone too far. He could be greedy to anyone but why did he have to do this to his junior brother?

Although this was an instinctive reaction of his personality, when he saw Xu Qing's current appearance, the captain stomped his feet fiercely and hurriedly shouted.

"Junior Brother, Eldest Senior Brother was wrong."

As he spoke, the captain raised his hand and waved it. Immediately, a mountain formed by bloody feathers landed on the ground.

A terrifying divine might rose from within. Compared to the six small feathers that the captain had taken out previously, this mountain was extremely vast and was enough to shock people.

"30%. This is 30% of Crimson Goddess' body. It's all here. As usual, we'll each take half!"

The captain threw caution to the wind and spoke loudly.

Xu Qing stopped in his tracks and adjusted his expression. He slowly turned around and looked at his eldest senior brother. His gaze was sincere and touched as he spoke softly.

"Eldest Senior Brother!"

The captain heaved a sigh of relief and hurriedly called Xu Qing over to distribute the spoils.

Very soon, the two of them separated the pieces of flesh feathers into two. The captain then gave Xu Qing a special storage bag to store them.

The flesh and blood of a god weren't something that ordinary objects could contain. And from the texture of the captain's leather pouch, it looked very much like his own skin…

Looking at these gains, Xu Qing was excited. He was very satisfied with the items he finally obtained after many years in the Moon Offering Region.

Sensing the change in Xu Qing's emotions, suspicion rose in the captain's heart and he couldn't help but ask.

"Junior Brother, were you acting earlier? Why do I feel that that scene is a little familiar…"

When Xu Qing heard this, he suppressed the excitement in his heart and looked into the captain's eyes seriously as he shook his head.

The captain hesitated. He still felt that something was wrong. After blinking, he thought to himself that he could do it too. Hence, he put on a lonely expression and was about to speak.

A bitter expression appeared on Xu Qing's face.

The two of them looked at each other in silence.

After a long time, the captain sighed and coughed.

"Little Qing, you've learned bad things… Forget it, forget it. Let's get down to business. Our gains aren't just these; there's one more thing."

As the captain spoke, he instinctively looked around and spoke in a low voice.

"These are the gains from Crimson Goddess, but there's also one from Li Zihua. He promised to grant us a Divine World when he returns in the future!"

When Xu Qing heard this, his eyes instantly narrowed.

"Divine World?"

"Divine World!"

The captain nodded seriously.

Xu Qing originally believed him but when he viewed the captain's serious expression, he couldn't be sure. However, he didn't fuss over it and communicated with the captain in a friendly manner.

In the end, Xu Qing didn't want the parts of Crimson Goddess' clone, Zhang Siyun, but he took the remaining section of Zhang Siyun's purple thorn crown.

The captain was very satisfied with this allocation.

After the distribution of the spoils was over, the captain was in high spirits. He raised his brows and winked at Xu Qing.

"Little Qing, the matters in the Moon Offering Region are about done. Wait for me for a few days. Although my ex-wife didn't reply to my message, I know that She hasn't left yet. I'll go and catch up with Her."

"When I return, we'll return to Fenghai!"

The captain licked his lips as though there was some heat in his heart. He then waved at Xu Qing and quickly left.

Looking at the captain's figure, Xu Qing sat cross-legged.

This area had the seals of the two of them and the captain's blood. It was suitable for Xu Qing to enter seclusion. Moreover, the Moon Offering Region was extremely safe under the protection of the heir and the others.

Hence, Xu Qing didn't look for another place. At that moment, he lowered his head and looked at the small section of purple thorn crown in his palm. The purple light from it was almost identical to the light from his purple crystal.

The most important thing was that when he held the thorn, the purple crystal in his body clearly emitted fluctuations.

"It should be an item of the same origin."

Xu Qing mumbled inwardly as determination appeared in his eyes. He then utilized all his might to activate the purple crystal.

In an instant, purple light erupted from Xu Qing's entire body, enveloping the surroundings and drowning his figure. At the same time, the purple thorn in his hand also glowed and fused with it.

At the next instant, the purple light dissipated. Xu Qing lowered his head and gazed at his empty right hand. A strange glint appeared in his eyes as he sensed his purple crystal.

The purple crystal, seemingly not much different from before, had one distinct feature — inside the crystal, instead of the usual wispy mist, there was now a vortex.

This vortex spun silently and led to an unknown place.

Xu Qing didn't understand this change in the purple crystal. He fused his divine consciousness into it and tried to take a look but this vortex was infinitely deep. No matter how Xu Qing's divine consciousness extended inside, he still couldn't reach the end.

However, during this process of probing, Xu Qing sensed danger.

It was as though some gazes were looking at him from the end of the vortex.

Xu Qing fell silent and ultimately chose to retract his divine consciousness. He didn't act rashly.

After that, he grabbed a deep breath and took out the leather pouch his captain had given him. His gaze was sharp and his expression was solemn.

"The flesh and blood of Crimson Goddess is a great tonic for gods. It's also a great fortune for me."

"In that case, how much help will placing this flesh in the secret repository and letting it be absorbed by the Heavenly Dao Furnace be to my cultivation?"

Intense anticipation rose in Xu Qing's heart. After experiencing the incident in the Moon Offering Region, especially after witnessing everything with his own eyes and participating to a certain extent in the battle of the gods…

All of this caused Xu Qing to have even more determination in becoming stronger.

This was especially so since… the words the fourth prince had spoke to him before he died had been echoing in Xu Qing's mind.

"Could my past be your future…"

Xu Qing fell silent. The secret repository behind him rumbled and manifested as a cold glint flashed in his eyes.

Only by becoming stronger would he have the qualifications to find and kill Crown Prince Purple Green.

Only by becoming stronger would he have the ability to explore the secrets of this world and see the truth.

Only by becoming stronger would he have the confidence to reverse everything!

Xu Qing raised his hand and threw the leather pouch into the secret repository!































































The moment the leather pouch landed in the secret repository, a lump of Crimson Goddess' flesh flew out and landed in the secret repository.

This lump of Crimson Goddess' flesh, interwoven with feathers, emitted a golden and bloody radiance. At the moment it descended, an endless divine might erupted from this lump of flesh.

The world became blurry and everything distorted.

Earth-shattering winds and clouds surged.

The sun in the sky of Xu Qing's secret repository returned to its Golden Crow form at this instant, emitting a loud and clear sound that echoed through the entire secret repository, revealing an unprecedented desire.

At the same time, the Purple Moon blurred and trembled intensely. It was attracted by this lump of flesh. Because they came from the same source to a certain extent, they resonated intensely.

The land formed by the Ghost Emperor Mountain quaked as this lump of flesh landed. The morning glow flickered, causing the entire world to glow with colorful lights.

The energy of the Poison Restriction, D132, and the Time Bottle also fluctuated one after another, spreading through this secret repository world and transforming into a storm that swept in all directions.

Xu Qing's secret repository completely rumbled at this instant. Everything inside was erupting and there were drastic changes.

All of this was because of that lump of flesh.

The moment this lump of flesh landed on the ground, it was as though the world bell had rung. A loud sound spread throughout the entire secret repository.

Crimson Goddess was a high god and possessed the power to change the world. Even though the lump of flesh was only a small portion of what was in the leather pouch, the power contained in it was still extremely terrifying.

Ordinary methods couldn't absorb it either. To cultivators, the value of this item was too great. Even Nihility cultivators would need a lot of time to absorb it.

However, the benefit it provided was extremely huge, especially for those at the fourth stage of Nihility. They could use the energy provided by the flesh of Crimson Goddess to break through the barrier of Nihility and step into the Soul Accumulation realm.



Although Xu Qing was only at the first level of the Spirit Repository, his secret repository wasn't an ordinary repository!

In his secret repository, there was Purple Moon, which had the same source as Crimson Goddess, as well as Poison Restriction that was of a higher level.

In addition, the layout of his secret repository was definitely not something ordinary secret repository could compare to. It was a repository that contained a world.

All of this caused Xu Qing's situation to be different.

Needless to say, his Heavenly Dao had a close relationship with the 100th Immemorial Heavenly Dao.

Hence, at this moment, the Heavenly Dao Mosasaur manifested. Its body expanded and covered the surroundings, turning into a world furnace that burned intensely.

Moreover, it was empowered by the Purple Moon and Poison Restriction, combined with the collaborative efforts of all things in this world.

Under the burning, the lump of Crimson Goddess' flesh slowly melted. Waves of terrifying energy were released during the melting, nourishing the secret repository!

This was the origin power!

Everything in Crimson Goddess' flesh became the purest origin power.

The Golden Crow went crazy and absorbed it with all its might. The land formed by the Ghost Emperor Mountain rumbled and continued to absorb the energy.

It was the same for the other things in this world. To Xu Qing's secret repository, this lump of flesh was a great opportunity, a great fortune, and a great tonic.

Under this absorption, the Golden Crow's tails increased explosively. The color of its body was no longer black but golden. It hung high in the sky like a golden sculpture, radiating a sense of divinity.

The earth underwent a similar rapid transformation, turning into a golden hue as well.

The mountain range and the river also experienced the same change!

Even the morning glow changed at this moment. All its colors were covered in gold and the entire secret repository underwent a tremendous change.

At the start, this change only appeared on the surface. However, as Crimson Goddess' flesh was burned, this change was spreading deeper. One could imagine that once everything was completed, Xu Qing's secret repository would eventually turn golden from the inside out.

Even the fire here would turn golden.

Once he accomplished this, it would be a huge change in essence and origin.

At that moment, this huge change was underway.

Xu Qing could clearly sense that as the secret repository changed, its aura became more and more majestic, far surpassing what it used to be.

 "My secret repository is undergoing some strange changes…"

Xu Qing's breathing hastened slightly. He had a feeling that once the transformation in the secret repository was completed, he would reach another height.

However… the changes in the secret repository gradually began to stop after a while.

Regardless of whether it was the sky or the ground, as the changes stopped, the surface that had originally turned golden was now fading and returning to its original state.

Xu Qing frowned and stared carefully, finding the source of this situation.

After that lump of flesh of Crimson Goddess was burned to a certain extent, although there was still more than half of it left, it couldn't continue burning. This caused the supply of origin power to stop.

Xu Qing fell silent and controlled the leather pouch to drop another lump of flesh.

The ground rumbled and the flesh landed in the sea of fire. However, it was still the same.

"The power of fire isn't enough."

Xu Qing looked at the two lumps of flesh in the sea of fire and found the answer to his question.

After a while of silence, Xu Qing found a solution as everything in the secret repository rapidly returned to normal.

"Since the power of fire is a little inferior, I'll add more fuel!"

Xu Qing's eyes flashed as the scene of the corrosion of Crimson Goddess's totem on the Moon Rebel Hall's gate appeared in his mind. As his divine sense spread out, the ground of the secret repository rumbled and a huge gap opened. Blood beasts rushed out one after another and pounced into the sea of fire, self-destructing.

Their self-destruction transformed into muffled thunder. Under the self-destruction, the flames of the secret repository's furnace intensified and its color rapidly changed to the color of blood.

Using the blood beasts as fuel and using their connection to Crimson Goddess to neutralize the resistance of Her flesh, coupled with their inherent corrosiveness – this was the solution Xu Qing thought of.

These endless blood beasts were like oil. As they were added, the power of flames instantly rumbled and burned the two lumps of Crimson Goddess' flesh crazily.

Soon, these two lumps of flesh disappeared and a vast amount of origin power spread out. The golden color spread throughout Xu Qing's secret repository again.

This time, its speed was even faster. In the blink of an eye, all the surface layers turned golden. After that, the depths were also changing. After about fifteen minutes, Xu Qing's secret repository completely turned golden from the inside out!

The golden secret repository, the golden world!

The golden fire inside swayed. After the origin power reached an extremely dense level, a higher level of origin power was born.

It contained domineeringness, asserting its sole supremacy!

Xu Qing only sensed it slightly before his expression changed.

That was the divine source!

This divine source didn't belong to any god. It belonged to Xu Qing. Because It was formed by Xu Qing, It contained Xu Qing's aura and vitality.

With Its appearance, Xu Qing's secret repository seemed to have advanced, directly ascending from a secret repository to a divine repository!

The place where gods were born was the divine repository!

Waves surged in Xu Qing's heart. Before he could take a closer look, a sea of fire erupted from his divine repository. The domineeringness from the divine source filled the entire divine repository.

It was as though It was declaring Its sovereignty.

The Golden Crow lowered its head, the ground submitted to it, the sky fell silent, and the river flowed along.

With the accompaniment of the Heavenly Dao, all things acknowledged It. Even the god's finger in D132 trembled and prostrated, choosing to obey.

However, the Purple Moon in the sky shone brightly and resisted the divine source. After that, it was forcefully expelled from this divine repository.

Following it, the fog formed by the Poison Restriction was also driven out by the domineering divine source.

The moment Xu Qing's world divine repository and the divine source that belonged to him were born, It rejected all the power of gods. If anything didn't lower their heads, they couldn't exist in this divine repository.

When Xu Qing sensed these, the fluctuations in his mind became even more intense. He could clearly sense that this divine repository completely belonged to him. The power contained in it far surpassed that of his past secret repository.

The difference was like that between mortals and cultivators.

"Am I cultivating immortality or divinity now?"

"I am clearly at the Spirit Repository Realm of the cultivation system, but a divine repository transformed from divine source has appeared!"

"This is no longer an authority but a divine source that was born because of me…"

After a long time, Xu Qing suppressed the waves in his heart and looked at the Poison Restriction power and Purple Moon's authority that had been expelled from his divine repository.

"But no matter what, I can sense that I've become stronger after the divine repository appeared. In that case… can another divine repository appear?"

Xu Qing narrowed his eyes. He thought of the illusory divine repository that had appeared when he had comprehended the authority of the Red Moon. Later on, because of the authority, it was fused into the secret repository and transformed into the moon.

At the thought of this, determination appeared in Xu Qing's eyes. He took out another lump of Crimson Goddess' flesh from his leather pouch and fused it into the Purple Moon.

At the next instant, purple light overflowed, and rumbling sounds spread. Under the rumbling explosion, the illusory divine storehouse that had appeared before descended again.

Moreover, it was rapidly transforming from illusion to reality!

Although there was no Heavenly Dao in it, the meat of Crimson Goddess and Xu Qing's Purple Moon authority came from the same source to a certain extent, so the fusion between them progressed smoothly.

Seeing that his guess wasn't wrong, Xu Qing threw out the fourth chunk of Crimson Goddess' meat without hesitation.

The divine repository shook and the transformation was even faster.

A while later, as the aura on Xu Qing's body soared and emitted terrifying fluctuations, the Purple Moon divine repository was completely formed!

This divine repository was different from Xu Qing's world divine repository, and was filled with overwhelming purple light. Unintelligible roars echoed within, transforming into thunder, becoming a furnace, a perpetual roar of eternity.

At this moment, Xu Qing had changed greatly from before.

He closed his eyes and sat there cross-legged. His long hair fluttered, and the two divine repositories erupted with energy.

There were two figures sitting cross-legged in the divine repositories.

The figure in the world divine storehouse was like a god, incomparably holy. Its aura was majestic and domineering.

Inside the Purple Moon divine repository, the figure was blurry, only the wings formed from the fusion of feathers and meat were visible, swaying slightly. There were also a pair of indifferent eyes.

It was difficult to look at them directly.

"There can be a third one!"

Xu Qing opened his eyes which turned pitch-black. The power of the Poison Restriction erupted, forming a churning poison fog behind him.

After that, he took out two lumps of Crimson Goddess' meat from his leather pouch and sent them into the poison fog.

The poison fog explosively surged, bursting in all directions. The poison within it was intensively augmented, the restriction was drastically heightened, and deafening roars echoed within.

Time flowed by. An hour later, a pitch-black divine storehouse rose from the poison fog!

In this secret repository, a figure meditated in the haze, eyes aflame with ghostly fire. Amidst the flowing fog, a figure clad in black armor emerged, resembling a demonic being heralding the end of the world.

Together with the other two divine figures, they guarded the person in front.

Sitting cross-legged in front was an extremely good-looking youth.

His features were peerless, with a cold demeanor, and his profound gaze hid within the wisps of mist. Jet-black hair fell around his ears, emitting a faint purple hue.

He was like an immortal and also a god.































































1111 Xu Qing's God Form The secret repository was the standard of the Spirit Repository realm. It was similar to igniting one's life fire to a certain extent.

Foundation Building cultivators who didn't ignite their life fire could only be considered to be at the Perfected Qi Condensation Realm. Only by igniting their life fire would there be a qualitative change.

It was the same for the Spirit Repository Realm.

The appearance of the secret repository could greatly increase the overall strength of cultivators. As the Heavenly Dao Furnace inside burned, it could provide astonishing energy to cultivators. Not only could it allow cultivators in the Spirit Repository to use the laws, but it could also provide terrifying combat strength.

This was Xu Qing's understanding of Secret Repository Realm prior to today.

Today, the appearance of the divine repository changed Xu Qing's understanding.

He could clearly sense the difference between the two. That wasn't the difference between a cultivator with or without life fire, but the gap between cultivators and mortals.

However, Xu Qing still needed to ponder and study its specific usage before he could grasp it.

At that moment, after a simple judgment, all he could do was use it like a secret repository and use it to suppress everything.

"The method shouldn't be right."

Xu Qing fell silent and looked around. The seals here had already collapsed and the surrounding land was scorched.

"The true usage of the divine repository requires a certain amount of time to comprehend."

Xu Qing mumbled inwardly and stood up.

He understood that now wasn't the time to study it because he had something more important to do.



Hence, Xu Qing put away the leather pouch. There was still a lot of flesh of Crimson Goddess inside but he had temporarily reached a bottleneck and couldn't absorb them anymore. He could only continue when he was forming his fourth divine repository.

"The value of this item is hard to estimate. Once I have the thoughts and preparations for the fourth divine repository, I can use them to instantly form it."

Xu Qing took a deep breath. He tidied his clothes and walked toward the distant world.

With every step he took, the ground would shrink under his feet. This was under the influence of his laws. Within his ability, everything could change according to his will.

Just like that, Xu Qing took a hundred steps that far exceeded the imagination of ordinary cultivators.

From where he was before, he reached the edge of the Repentance Plain.

In the past, this place was a sea of blood and islands. Now, after the battle of the gods and Li Zihua's sacrifice, this place had become a forbidden zone.

The sea of blood was filled with countless vegetation. Darkness and coldness were the main themes in this area.

The anomalous substances were even denser and affected everything. At the same time, it also caused countless strange life forms to be born in this forbidden zone.

The ruins of the Divine Son Palace were also in the depths of the forbidden zone.

At that moment, Xu Qing stood outside the forbidden zone and stared ahead. After a long time, he walked into the forbidden zone and walked toward the center step by step.

The evil-looking plants in the surroundings could easily kill mortals who barged in. Even against cultivators, their anomalous substances were effective.

However, to Xu Qing, walking here was no different from walking in the outside world.

All the bizarre vegetation trembled before Xu Qing got close and evaded him, not daring to touch him at all. It was the same for those strange lifeforms born here.

A black and red flying snake fled a little slower. The moment Xu Qing walked past it, it turned into a skeleton… Its life, its anomalous substances, and its aura were silently extracted and disappeared behind Xu Qing.

There was nothing behind him at first glance but if one had a certain level of cultivation, they could sense that there seemed to be three huge black holes that devoured everything.

Perhaps to this forbidden zone, Xu Qing's existence was the true forbidden zone.

Just like that, Xu Qing continued forward. He walked past the sea of blood and arrived at where the island used to be. When he arrived in front of a huge mountain of flesh, Xu Qing stopped in his tracks and cupped his fists.

"Greetings, ninth grandfather."

This mountain of flesh was also black and red. It was a part of the forbidden zone, the core of this place, and the master of the forbidden zone.

It was formed from Li Zihua's flesh and blood. Under the gaze of the god's fragmented-face, it gave birth to a new life. At that moment, it was slowly squirming. It hadn't truly awakened but had fallen into a deep sleep.

 Even so, an astonishing pressure still enveloped the surroundings, distorting the void.

And on it, there was a person sitting cross-legged.

He wore a black robe and had a cold expression that was like ice. There was a longsword in front of his knees.

He was Old Ninth.

He opened his eyes and calmly looked at Xu Qing. After taking a few more glances behind Xu Qing, a strange glint flashed in his eyes. After a long time, he calmly spoke.

"What is it?"

Xu Qing knew that this ninth grandfather in front of him had a cold personality and rarely spoke. In fact, he was silent most of the time. However, his heart was far from being as cold as his appearance. Hence, he spoke softly.

"Ninth Grandpa, when I first arrived at the Moon Offering Region, I accepted a disciple."

"She died in an accident. However, at that time, someone told me that the souls of the people who died in the Moon Offering Region didn't enter reincarnation but gathered in the Divine Son Palace."

"Junior is here to retrieve my disciple's soul."

"Name?" Old Ninth calmly asked.

"Shi Panyan. Her name is Shi Panyan," Xu Qing said softly.

Old Ninth closed his eyes as though he was sensing. A moment later, he opened his eyes and lifted his right hand to grab at the void. Immediately, the entire forbidden zone trembled and a huge vortex appeared out of thin air.

As it rumbled, a sphere of white light slowly flew out and floated toward Xu Qing.

In the white light was a little girl. She hugged her knees with both hands and her eyes were closed as though she was in a deep sleep. However, her brows were tightly furrowed and there was still fear on her face.

It was Shi Panyan.

Looking at her, Xu Qing's eyes softened. He lifted his hand and gently cupped it, sending out a summoning call.

"Panyan."

His voice fused into the white light and echoed in the void, landing in the little girl's soul. Her body trembled and her eyelashes trembled slightly. She slowly opened her eyes and looked at Xu Qing in confusion.

A long time later, her small face revealed surprise.

"Master…"

She wanted to get up and greet him, but the weakness of her soul made it a little difficult for her to hold on.

"Master is here to bring you home."

Xu Qing spoke softly. His right hand caressed the sphere of light and the little girl gradually closed her eyes again and fell asleep.

However, compared to before, her brows were no longer knitted tightly. Her face was no longer filled with horror but a sense of peace.

After gently keeping Panyan, Xu Qing lifted his head and looked at Old Ninth. He bowed again and turned to leave. However, at that moment, Old Ninth suddenly spoke.

"You have three gods behind you."

Xu Qing stopped in his tracks and turned to look at Old Ninth.

Old Ninth's expression was still cold but the strangeness in his eyes grew even denser. He stared at Xu Qing and his deep voice echoed.

"One is you, one is formed by the authority of the Red Moon, and the other is formed by the divine curse."

"However, you still don't seem to be able to fuse with them and it's difficult for you to use them. Let me help you."

As he spoke, the sword in front of Old Ninth's knees suddenly rose into the air and pointed at Xu Qing.

An earth-shattering sword qi erupted from within. As wind and clouds surged, rumbling sounds rang out in all directions. This sword qi carried extermination and destruction as it headed straight for Xu Qing!

A sharp glint flashed in Xu Qing's eyes. A life-and-death crisis rose sharply in his mind. All the blood in his body seemed to have frozen and his cultivation was suppressed. Even his blood stopped flowing.

It was as though the sword qi had sealed everything. Only the divine repositories behind him became more clear in Xu Qing's mind. After that… the first divine repository appeared behind him.

As soon as the divine repository appeared, the color of the world changed and the forbidden zone trembled. The divine figure inside let out a roar toward the external world, as though it wanted to resist the incoming sword qi.

The sword qi paused.

"Not enough!" Old Ninth's cold voice rang out. The sword qi erupted again and headed straight for Xu Qing.

At this critical moment, Xu Qing's body trembled. At this moment, his cultivation was suppressed and only his divine repositories could be used. Under this intense life-and-death pressure, the veins on his forehead bulged and all his consciousness was focusing on his divine repository.

The instant the sword qi arrived, his divine repository erupted like a volcano, forming a terrifying divine source that headed straight for Xu Qing and forcefully fused into his body.

At the next moment, Xu Qing let out a deep shout that shook the sky.

Under this shout, as the divine source fused into his body, his body began to tear apart. New flesh and blood rapidly grew, and their form also altered drastically. He grew taller and larger, becoming more and more astonishing.

A while later, a vast figure emerged in front of the flesh mountain.

This figure's body was majestic and looked similar to the Ghost Emperor. However, its face was of Xu Qing and it wore a crown on its head which was formed from D132.

A piercing golden light emitted from it. It was clearly golden but it formed rainbow colors in the surroundings.

In the area of the heart was the Heavenly Dao Furnace. At this moment, it pulsated vigorously, each beat akin to heavenly thunder. It unleashed a raging inferno, blazing through the entire body, causing the physical form to erupt in flames.

There was also a dark spear that was surrounded by countless bolts of lightning that appeared on the figure's right hand.

The moment it held the spear, the eyes of the body suddenly opened.

He was none other than Xu Qing!

Xu Qing's mind churned intensely. He never expected that the way to use his divine repository would be like this.

At that moment, he might clearly sense his state. It was as though he had undergone a transformation, appearing in a godly form.

His battle strength soared even more. Recalling the Spirit Repository cultivators he had encountered…

"They can all be suppressed!"

Xu Qing lifted his head and looked at Old Ninth. His heart stirred as he bowed deeply.

Old Ninth's eyes revealed a strange glint as he nodded slightly.

"This is more like it."

"However, this is only your first layer of god form."

"You have three divine repositories, so in theory, you should additionally possess three layers of god form."

"However, your foundation isn't strong enough."

After Old Ninth finished speaking, a hint of contemplation emerged in his eyes. A while later, his expression was decisive as he spoke in a deep voice.

"I can help you feel it in advance. Although it is a little wasteful, it can let you know the direction."

As he spoke, Old Ninth lifted his right hand and a piece of feathered flesh headed straight for Xu Qing. It was none other than the flesh of Crimson Goddess.

Before it might get close, before Xu Qing could say anything, Old Ninth's sword qi swept out and that piece of flesh exploded, turning into a bloody mist that enveloped Xu Qing.

"Merge this blood mist into your divine repository, bring forth your second layer of the god form, remember not to isolate it but rather… overlay it on the first layer of the god form!"

Xu Qing's mind shook. The blood mist outside his body uncontrollably rushed straight into his Poison Restriction divine repository. In an instant, this divine repository burst open with thunderous explosions, and massive clusters of dark mist surged toward Xu Qing.

In an instant, it fused into Xu Qing's first layer of the god form.

At the next instant… an even more terrifying aura erupted from Xu Qing's body as he let out a painful roar.































































1112 Requesting His Majesty to Pay the Fee

The instant this terrifying aura erupted, the entire forbidden zone fluctuated. All the bizarre creatures born in the forbidden zone trembled and prostrated in the direction of the flesh mountain.

Clouds appeared out of thin air and rapidly churned into a vortex that spun with thunderous sounds.

A storm stirred up in the forbidden zone, connecting to the vortex in the sky.

As for Xu Qing, who was the source of all this, his body bent and trembled intensely under the storm and vortex. He let out a roar that didn't sound human.

An indescribable intense pain swept through his body and soul. It tore through his god's body, letting out pitch-black poison fog.

The fog grew denser and denser. In the end, it completely enveloped Xu Qing's body, forming an even taller figure.

Gradually, this figure slowly straightened its body. The moment it lifted its head and looked at Old Ninth on the Flesh Mountain, its aura reached an astonishing height.

Its complete body was also revealed at this moment. It was completely enveloped in black armor, with no skin visible from outside.

Its eye sockets burned with an eerie fire that gave off extreme coldness.

Looking at it as a whole, ancientness and darkness were the first feelings this figure gave off.

As for the wisps of black fog that curled up from the armor, they gathered behind him like a black cloak that could blot out the sky.

As the cloak fluttered, decay and poison spread in the world.

It was as though all life would wither and perish in front of it.

It gave off an extreme feeling, like a demon.

Right now, only the Purple Moon divine repository was left.



Old Ninth's expression changed.

He only nodded when he saw Xu Qing's first god form, but the second layer of god form created waves in his mind.

'I feel like… I've seen it before.'

Old Ninth mumbled inwardly and lowered his head slightly as he stared at Xu Qing. His focus was on observing Xu Qing's soul fluctuations. After that, he spoke in a deep voice in a strange tone.

"Tell me your real name."

These words seemed to contain some mysterious power that echoed through the world, stirring up waves.

Old Ninth was verifying if the person in front of him was still Xu Qing.

Xu Qing stood there and looked at Old Ninth. A long time later, the eerie fire in his eyes swayed and a hoarse voice rang out.

"Xu Qing."

When Old Ninth heard this, he nodded.

"How do you feel now?"

Xu Qing carefully sensed his current state. He maintained an absolute sense of rationality, with no desires.

This reminded him of the time when he had touched divinity in the past.

Hence, he calmly spoke.

"Good."

Old Ninth fell silent. After that, another piece of Crimson Goddess' flesh appeared as he lifted his right hand. He looked at Xu Qing and spoke.

"Do you want to experience your third layer of god form?"

Xu Qing waved his hand when he heard this. A piece of Crimson Goddess' flesh of the same size appeared in his hand.

"I'll give it a try."

 As he spoke, he sent this piece of flesh into the Purple Moon divine repository behind him. The moment it landed, a monstrous bang rang out from the Purple Moon divine repository. It was as though countless bolts of lightning had exploded, rumbling through the world.

Immediately after, the Purple Moon divine repository exploded and the divine source inside gushed toward Xu Qing, rapidly merging into his body. During this process, Xu Qing's body was torn apart again.

However, he stood there motionlessly.

It wasn't that he couldn't feel pain, but everything was suppressed by his absolute rationality.

More changes could be seen with the naked eye. Firstly, his long hair under the armor grew rapidly. Finally, it landed on the ground and spread out in all directions.

Its color had already turned purple.

What was even more astonishing was that under the tearing, feathers seemed to appear on his back and a Purple Moon seemed to be rising as well.

An aura that was even more terrifying than the second layer of the god form erupted from Xu Qing's body at this moment.

Purple lightning streaked across the sky, giving off an intense sense of taboo.

The color of the world changed and Old Ninth stood up from the mountain of flesh. He stared at Xu Qing with intense fluctuations in his eyes.

"He's… advancing his status!?"

As waves churned in Old Ninth's mind, Xu Qing's body suddenly trembled and traces of destruction appeared on his body. In fact, some of his flesh and blood had already turned into dust and were drifting away.

The third layer of god form hadn't been completely displayed yet, but he had already reached his limit.

"My soul and body can't withstand it. If this continues, I'll turn into ashes."

Xu Qing calmly spoke as though he wasn't talking about himself. After that, he breathed out a mouthful of purple gas.

As he exhaled, it was as though time had reversed. His long hair quickly retracted and the Purple Moon landed on his back. His aura was also decreasing sharply.

At the next instant, he returned to his second layer god form.

The divine source that had fused into his body spread out and transformed back into the Purple Moon divine repository behind him.

The third god form failed.

With Xu Qing's current foundation, even with the flesh of Crimson Goddess, it was still impossible for him to form the third layer.

At the same time, his second layer of god form also reached its limit. The armor on his body melted and turned back into the Poison Restriction divine source. Even the Poison Restriction power in his body gathered behind him, forming the Poison Restriction divine repository.

Only the first layer of the god form was still intact.

As for Xu Qing's mind, following these changes, emotions that belonged to human nature rose again. His breathing became hurried and the fluctuations in his mind were huge. He cupped his fists and bowed to Old Ninth who was staring at him.

"Thank you, ninth grandfather!"

Xu Qing spoke solemnly.

Through Old Ninth's help, although he couldn't display the third god form, this experience was extremely precious to Xu Qing.

Not only did it help him find a way to use his divine repository, but it also helped him sense the mental state of the god form in advance.

This would allow Xu Qing to be more composed and well-

informed when using the god form the next time.

Also, Xu Qing could clearly sense that with his current foundation, it wouldn't be a problem for him to maintain the first layer of god form.

Old Ninth cast a deep glance at Xu Qing and nodded slightly. After that, he closed his eyes.

Xu Qing didn't disturb him. He took out a piece of Crimson Goddess' flesh and placed it to the side. After some thought, he took out another piece and respectfully placed it down before leaving.

As his figure walked further away, his form also gradually changed. He was no longer in the god form but had transformed into his normal body and disappeared from the forbidden zone.

Only the mountain of flesh remained standing. Old Ninth on it didn't move at all.

However, although his expression seemed normal, the waves in his heart were still churning.

The changes in Xu Qing's body made Old Ninth seem to have some ideas.

"The changes that occurred in this child are unprecedented and represent a new path."

"Is father also taking this path?"

As he mumbled, he opened his eyes and looked in the direction Xu Qing had left in. He then looked at the two pieces of Crimson Goddess' flesh on the ground. The coldness in his expression also melted into a hint of gentleness.

"A good kid."

Sometimes, liking someone may come suddenly, but more often, it's due to the details—willingness to connect, willingness to perpetuate that liking.

Throughout his journey from Peerless City to the Moon Offering today, Xu Qing's character of observing propriety and repaying kindness was well displayed. This fundamental trait was the reason why there were people willing to help him.

Unfortunately, such individuals were scarce in any era or world.

Moreover, there were some who, seeing Xu Qing's conduct, might feel a sense of resentment.

This was a manifestation of human nature, highlighting their ignorance, so it was no wonder why not everyone would be able to appreciate Xu Qing's conduct.

Xu Qing didn't care about these. After walking out of the forbidden zone, he looked at this world and lifted his head to look in the direction of Fenghai County.

"I'm going home."

Xu Qing mumbled and turned to walk toward the Bitter Life Mountain Range. He wanted to pick up Ling'er and go home together.

Just as he was about to reach the Bitter Life Mountain Range, Xu Qing stopped in his tracks. He recalled something.

"The Ancient Spirit Emperor promised to give me a strand of imperial qi."

Xu Qing narrowed his eyes, took out the token of the Ancient Spirit Emperor, and twirled it in his hand. He had previously, as per the captain's request, communicated through divine sense to inquire about the gains, but there had been no response from the Ancient Spirit Emperor.

After some thought, Xu Qing sent his divine sense into the token.

"Your Majesty, will you still participate in the next meal?"

There was no movement from the token at all. Xu Qing's divine sense seemed to have reached nowhere.

Xu Qing's expression was calm. After waiting for more than ten breaths, he continued to send his divine sense.

"Since Your Majesty isn't replying, I'll take it that you won't participate in the next meal."

"Participate!"

This time around, the instant Xu Qing finished speaking, the aged voice of the Ancient Spirit Emperor echoed from the token.

"Then, Your Majesty, please pay for this meal. One imperial qi."

Xu Qing's voice was righteous as he transmitted his divine sense.

There was no more sound from the token. Xu Qing wasn't in a hurry and waited silently.

Five minutes later, the token vibrated and a small dragon formed by the imperial qi slowly flew out, emitting a sense of reluctance.

Xu Qing didn't care about this as he yanked the dragon imperial qi out. No matter how the little dragon struggled, it was useless and Xu Qing tossed it into his divine repository.

After doing all this, Xu Qing was satisfied. He walked toward the Bitter Life Mountain Range and entered the Moon Offering Palace before returning to the apothecary.

The moment he stepped into the apothecary, Xu Qing noticed the heir sitting there sipping tea. He saw Ning Yan cleaning the ground, he saw Nether Fairy boiling water, he saw the unemployed Wu Jianwu, there was also the swaying little grass seedling and the bald parrot.

He also saw Ling'er throwing down the account book and running toward him.

"Brother Xu Qing, why did you only return now?"

Ling'er's eyes were red as she hugged Xu Qing tightly. During this period of time, she missed Xu Qing very much. She would frequently look outside the shop, wanting to see Xu Qing appear.

A smile materialized on Xu Qing's face. He stroked Ling'er's hair and took out the Ancient Spirit Emperor's imperial qi, placing it in Ling'er's hand.

"This is for you."

Ling'er's eyes lit up and she cheered. To her, happiness was very simple. As long as Brother Xu Qing was around, it was fine. As for the gift Brother Xu Qing gave her, no matter what it was, she liked it.

When the heir noticed this scene, he smiled but didn't say anything. He picked up the teacup and took a sip. His eyes revealed reminiscence, as though he was thinking of some past events.

On the side, Wu Jianwu shook his head, initially hesitant to speak, but he couldn't hold back in the end.

"If the heavens want to strike, they don't care if it's fair or not."

As soon as Wu Jianwu finished speaking, Xu Qing twirled his head and coldly glanced at him.

Wu Jianwu shuddered and uttered seriously.

"It's fair!"

Ning Yan sneered. Just as he was about to help his boss suppress Wu Jianwu, the captain's voice rang out from outside the inn.

"Haha, I'm back."

"Guess who I met on the way."

"Little Qing, I've brought your father-in-law here."

Outside the inn, the captain had a smug expression on his face as he strode over. He was also carrying an unconscious person with a bruised face. From the looks of it, it was the old man from Panquan Road.































































1113 Accompany You Back to Fenghai County

The moment he entered the shop, the captain casually threw the unconscious old man onto the ground. Then, he approached Xu Qing, wrapped an arm around his neck, and grinned triumphantly.

"Little Qing, guess what happened when I met my ex-wife this time."

Xu Qing ignored the captain and looked at the old man from Panquan Road. As for Ling'er, she had already run over after crying out in surprise and helped him up. Her expression was filled with disbelief and worry as she called out to him. She also took out many medicinal pills and put them in the mouth of the old man.

"Father!"

The medicinal effects of these medicinal pills were extraordinary and there were curse-resolving pills among them. Hence, very soon, the old man's aura stabilized.

Xu Qing also retracted his gaze. He could tell that most of the other party's injuries were superficial, not like he was beaten up, but more like he stumbled and fell. As for the reason why he fainted, it was because he had been invaded by the Red Moon's curse. Although the curse had dissipated, more anomalous substances had mixed in. Most importantly, his physique was special.

"His physique seems to attract anomalous substances even more."

This was something Xu Qing could tell with his current cultivation.

At the same time, it reminded him of the battle he had with the other party in the Seven Blood Eyes. At that time, the face of this old man split open, revealing his identity as a nonhuman.

In addition, the other party's inn was also a bizarre entity. After that, Xu Qing learned that this old man had an ability that could make bizarre entities sleep and seal them.

Back then, he was the one who moved the inn to the Seven Blood Eyes and sold it to the First Peak.

There was also the captain's initial-stage seal. It was also enhanced by this old man.

Xu Qing pondered for a moment. However, since the old man was mostly unharmed, he didn't pay much attention. His focus shifted to the captain, who wore an expectant expression, seemingly in need of Xu Qing's inquiry and cooperation.



"She wanted to get back together with you?"

The captain's eyes lit up and he laughed proudly. He was waiting for Xu Qing to ask. This way, he wouldn't have to mutter to himself and could continue speaking.

"Junior Brother, you're indeed smart. That's right, that's the case. Although She is a god, although She promised that as long as I agreed, I could skip ten thousand years of struggle, in the end, I still chose to refuse."

"The things in my previous life have passed. In this life, I don't love wealth or power. I only love my Taotao!"

The captain had a nostalgic look, but the radiance in his expression was extremely profound.

Xu Qing naturally knew that the captain's words were meant to be listened to in reverse. but the actual truth didn't matter. It was fine as long as his eldest senior brother was happy. So, he stretched his face into a grin, putting on an expression of amazement.

The captain was even happier. Just as he was about to continue bragging, the old man from Panquan Road, who was lying there, let out a breath of turbid air and opened his eyes.

"Father!"

Ling'er was pleasantly surprised and couldn't help but feel a little nervous. She had secretly run away back then.

Xu Qing and the others also looked at the old man.

At first, the old man's gaze was blank as he didn't understand why he was here. After seeing Ling'er clearly, his emotions fluctuated.

"Ling'er!"

"I've finally found you."

The old man from Panquan Road was excited and hugged Ling'er. When he noticed that his daughter was fine, he finally heaved a sigh of relief. After that, his gaze swept across the inn and he saw the captain, Ning Yan, Wu Jianwu, and Nether Fairy.

It was fine for the first few, but Nether Fairy shocked him.

When he saw Xu Qing, he glared at him. Just as he was about to speak with hostility, he saw the heir drinking tea from the corner of his eye.

The old man's eyes suddenly widened. After that, his pupils contracted and he instinctively restrained his arrogance. He subconsciously asked Ling'er.

"Ling'er, where is this?"

"This is the Bitter Life Mountain Range. Father, this is Grandpa Heir."

Ling'er noticed her father's gaze and hurriedly introduced.

The old man was no longer the same as when he had just arrived at the Moon Offering. During the process of searching for Ling'er, he naturally heard of the divine battle. Although Xu Qing and the captain's names weren't obvious and would be hard to hear unless they were from the Moon Rebel Hall, he had heard of the legend of the crown prince and his siblings.

 He knew about the Bitter Life Mountain Range and understood that it had become the most important core of this large region.

Hence, Ling'er's words caused the old man's eyelids to twitch wildly.

In order to hide the fact that she had secretly escaped with Xu Qing back then, Ling'er continued to speak.

"Father, it was very lively here in the past. There were also Third Grandma, Grandma Five, and Eighth Grandpa. They are all very good to me."

"By the way, there are still some chicks in the backyard."

"Father, I have been living well here. This apothecary was opened by Brother Xu Qing and me."

Thunder rumbled in the old man's heart. Other than hearing about the Bitter Life Mountain Range, he had also heard about the apothecary that was close to a holy land.

At that moment, when he heard of the origin of the apothecary, his body trembled and he couldn't breathe properly.

"Also, Father, it's very safe here. Brother Xu Qing even gave me some gifts."

As she spoke, Ling'er lifted her hand and released some of the Ancient Spirit Emperor's imperial qi that had fused into her body.

"Also, Brother Xu Qing is super powerful. Previously, when Crimson Goddess arrived and surrounded this place, it was Brother Xu Qing who chased them away. Later on, Brother Xu Qing and grandparents even went to the moon and destroyed Crimson Goddess."

Ling'er spoke proudly.

However, her consecutive words were like thunder in her father's heart. In the end, it was like a million heavenly lightning bolts had exploded, rumbling his soul.

The old man quickly reacted to the identities of the other grandparents that Ling'er mentioned. This made him gasp even more and he didn't dare to continue listening. He hurriedly got up and bowed to the heir.

"Greetings, Senior!"

The heir nodded slightly and swept his gaze across the old man.

"Ancient Sealing Race? This race exists with the imperial qi. Every generation of ancient sovereigns has a position for them to seal the heavens through the imperial qi. Their status is extremely high but the bloodline you have seems somewhat impure."

The old man dropped his head and remarked bitterly.

"After the god descended, my race also changed. The sealing restriction turned into sealing ghosts and there were no ancient sovereigns in the world anymore, so there was no more use for my race."

"So, you chose Ling'er?" The heir glanced at Ling'er.

At that moment, for some reason, Ling'er couldn't open her eyes. She didn't understand the meaning behind it either. She forced herself to stay awake and yawned.

When the old man saw this, he was shocked. Xu Qing took a step forward and supported Ling'er. After checking, he confirmed that Ling'er was fine. It was the imperial qi that had fused into her body and was fusing with her at a deeper level.

The heir smiled and didn't speak anymore, continuing to drink his tea.

When the old man saw this, he heaved a sigh of relief in his heart. The pressure he felt when facing the heir was extremely great. At that moment, he looked at Xu Qing. His original hostility and resentment had long been deeply hidden by him and turned into a sigh.

"Xu Qing, I didn't come here just to look for Ling'er. Marquis Yao asked me to pass a message to you… Don't return to Fenghai County for the time being."

Xu Qing's expression was originally normal but after hearing this, his eyes suddenly gleamed. The captain at the side also frowned and his entire body emitted a pressure.

"Marquis Yao?"

Xu Qing slowly spoke.

"What happened in Fenghai County?"

The old man moaned and told them in detail what had happened in Fenghai County and even the Holy Wave Large Region while Xu Qing was away.

When Xu Qing, the captain, and the others left, the situation in the Holy Wave Large Region was in a certain level of balance.

On one side was the Grand Duke Holy Wave. After he lost the backing of the Black Heaven Race, he immediately chose to return to the human race and submit to the Human Emperor, not daring to act rashly.

However, the Seventh Prince's army still remained. While it occupied half of the large region, the third princess was ordered to manage the situation and keep the Seventh Prince in check.

Because of what had happened in the past, Fenghai County became very special and even had the right to autonomy. Hence, it survived in this balance and was roped in by the Seventh Prince and the Third Princess.

All of this changed drastically as the undercurrents in the Imperial City surged.

Firstly, the Third Princess was suddenly remembered to the Grand Imperial Capital Region. She gave up on the main political regime in the Holy Wave Region and handed everything over to the Seventh Prince.

The reason was quickly known by Fenghai County.

The Seventh Prince's mother's clan was a powerful family in the Grand Imperial Capital Region. They had reached a certain agreement with the Human Emperor about the Seventh Prince.

In the end, the Human Emperor summoned the third princess back and tacitly agreed to the seventh prince's status and rights in the Holy Wave Large Region.

At the same time, a person was sent from the Grand Imperial Capital Region to preside over the Holy Wave Large Region.

This person was one of the pillars of the Seventh Prince's maternal clan. He was also the Seventh Prince's biological uncle and one of the thirty-three Heavenly Kings of the human race, King Tian Lan.

His cultivation base was at the Soul Accumulation realm and his status in the human race was extremely high.

After he led his troops to the Holy Wave Large Region, he gained great power. He seemed to want to completely control the Holy Wave Large Region and even started a war against the Black Heaven Race.

This was his promise to the Human Emperor and also the agreement between their family and the Human Emperor.

He would blast open the gate of the Black Heaven Race for the Human Emperor. Under the current weakened situation of the Black Heaven Race, he would sweep through the Black Heaven Race and expand new territories for the Human Emperor.

Facing the imposing King Tian Lan, the Grand Duke Holy Wave also avoided him and chose to obey.

As for Fenghai County… although it had the right to autonomy, it was insignificant in front of King Tian Lan.

He would only need to give a decree, and Fenghai County would be as turbulent as a leaf in a furious sea.

The people in the county were even more anxious. Many races and sects chose to submit immediately.

Among them was the Alliance Leader of the Eight Sects Alliance. He decisively gave up his identity and status in the Eight Sects Alliance and brought a portion of his subordinates to join King Tian Lan.

After that, King Tian Lan ordered the recruitment of all the cultivators of the myriad races in the entire region to head to the Black Heaven Race's battlefield in batches to fight for them.

This also included Fenghai County and the command couldn't be rejected.

"By the time I set off, Fenghai County had already sent three batches of cultivators and all of them died in battle. In this battle with the Black Heaven Race, King Tian Lan is simply sacrificing human lives to exhaust the Black Heaven Race."

The old man's words echoed in the apothecary. Xu Qing's expression was cold, and the captain narrowed his eyes. The others fell silent one after another, especially Ning Yan. He opened his mouth and wanted to say something but ultimately fell silent.

"It's also because of this that Marquis Yao asked me to inform you not to return. Once you return… the Seventh Prince will definitely take advantage of the situation to recruit you. At that time…"

The old man was about to sigh at the severity of the situation but when he saw the heir drinking tea, the things he had heard and Ling'er's words just now appeared in his mind. He suddenly felt that he didn't have to sigh anymore.

"Uh… that's what happened."

The old man blinked and remarked in a low voice.

Xu Qing lifted his head and gazed in the direction of Fenghai County. After that, he turned and bowed to the heir.

The heir put down his teacup and smiled. Just as he was about to speak, a cold voice echoed in the Bitter Life Mountain Range.

"I'll go to Fenghai County with you."

This voice was like a sword qi that carried killing intent. The world trembled and the wind surged, rumbling in all directions.

When the heir heard this, he moaned and picked up the teacup again.

This voice came from Old Ninth!































































1114 Returning to Fenghai

The darkness had long filled the world.

Countless stars broke through the night, casting their light onto the vast river outside the Moon Offering Region. With the clear surface of the water, the starry sky was reflected beautifully.

From afar, it looked like the starry sky had fallen to the mortal world, making it impossible to distinguish the sky and land.

This was the Sacrificial Yin River. In the past, the river was as red as blood, burying countless skeletons, and harboring bizarre river spirits. Now that the Red Moon had disappeared and the curse had dissipated, the appearance of the river changed drastically.

All strangeness dissipated, all constraints disappeared, leaving only the slow infiltration of dampness in the air, diffusing a quiet and beautiful atmosphere.

At that moment, a large ship was sailing down the river, heading toward the Holy Wave Large Region.

On the ship, Wu Jianwu sat on the protruding mast, silently gazing into the distance. There, a small boat was sailing away.

Looking at the shadow of the boat, Wu Jianwu's expression was melancholic and filled with bitterness.

Below the mast was Ning Yan.

He held a piece of rag in his hand and sat on the deck of the ship, instinctively wiping his surroundings clean.

Originally, he wasn't a clean freak, but the trip to the Moon Offering instilled a good habit in him. He couldn't stand to see any dust around him…

Now that he was done wiping, Ning Yan looked up at Wu Jianwu. He wanted to make a sarcastic remark but when he thought of the other party's state, he shook his head.

He knew why the other party was like this. Six hours ago, they were still in the apothecary in the Bitter Life Mountain Range. Because of the matter in Fenghai County, they were on this ship six hours later.



Coincidentally, not long after the ship set sail, they encountered a small boat. On that small boat, a woman sat cross-legged. She once had a name – Yunxia.

Wu Jianwu saw her, and so did she.

After their eyes met, Yunxia closed her eyes.

"To ask what love is in this world…" sighed Ning Yan.

"It's just a matter of who says it first!" Wu Jianwu roared to the sky, took out a jug of wine, and drank it in one gulp. However, a few drops spilled onto the deck, causing Ning Yan's displeasure. Instinctively, he wiped it away with the rag.

At the same time, at the bow of the ship, Xu Qing sat cross-

legged, looking hesitant. The captain leaned against the railing, shaking his head, alternately scrutinizing Xu Qing and surveying the river, making clicking sounds with his tongue.

"Little Qing, it seems like someone doesn't want you to leave so quickly."

"But it's fine. Ling'er isn't here, haha."

The more the captain spoke, the brighter his eyes became. He was filled with anticipation for what would happen next.

Ling'er was indeed not on this ship, nor was the old man from Panquan Road.

It wasn't that Ling'er didn't want to follow Xu Qing back to Fenghai County, but the fusion of Ancient Spirit Emperor's imperial qi caused her to fall into a deep sleep. She needed some time to digest it.

It was like a closed-door cultivation. It wasn't suitable for her to be disturbed.

Hence, Xu Qing left Ling'er at the apothecary. The old man from Panquan Road naturally chose to stay as well.

Nether Fairy also stayed behind.

She naturally wasn't doing it for Ling'er but instinctively didn't want to return to Fenghai County.

Hence, there were only Xu Qing and the other three on this ship.

At that moment, the captain's words echoed. Xu Qing frowned. He knew what the captain meant. In reality, the ship they were on was a gift from the heir. It could cross large regions and greatly shorten the time needed to return to Fenghai County.

However, the moment it set sail, a large amount of clay silently appeared on the surface of the ship.

More and more clay appeared out of thin air, and they possessed divine power, causing the speed of the ship to be severely dragged down.

As for ninth grandfather, ever since he said those words in the apothecary, he had disappeared without a trace. Even though the ship was affected, he didn't appear.

 This situation allowed Xu Qing to understand who was the one who affected this ship…

His guess quickly became reality.

As more and more clay appeared around the ship, after about fifteen minutes, the entire ship slowly stopped on the river.

"She's here!"

The captain's eyes lit up.

Xu Qing also lifted his head.

The moment the ship stopped, all the clay on it quickly fell off and gathered on the river in front of the ship, gradually forming a tall clay fox.

Although this clay fox was formed from clay, it emitted a rainbow light, giving off a holy feeling. One might even subconsciously feel the urge to worship it from the bottom of their hearts.

This was a god.

With Its appearance, the river seemed to have stopped and there were no waves. The sky also dimmed, not daring to fight for brilliance.

It was as though the clay fox on the river was the only thing left in this world.

It was the source of everything.

Wu Jianwu's body fell from the mast with a plop. He was scared half to death. Ning Yan wasn't much better either. He was trembling and his face was filled with horror.

They didn't know of the existence of the clay fox.

Only the captain's anticipation reached its peak at this moment. Under his unblinking gaze, the clay fox on the river slowly opened Its eyes.

A pair of phoenix eyes, exuding a captivating charm and a seductive allure, appeared between heaven and earth, disregarding Erniu and looking at Xu Qing.

"Stinky brother, why did you leave so quickly? Why didn't you bid farewell to me?"

"Have you forgotten about Sister?"

A gentle sound permeated the world. The laws retreated and the rules seemed to become non-existent. Spacetime was also affected, forming the four seasons in all directions. There were even suns, moons, and stars that rapidly rotated.

Divine fire spread throughout Her body, emitting an extremely terrifying aura.

It distorted everything and the anomalous substances tainted the sky.

It was obvious that the clay fox was even stronger than during the divine battle.

Clearly, the flesh of Crimson Goddess was quite significant to Her.

Seeing this, the captain coughed and hurriedly spoke.

"Big Sister, actually, I…"

"Kidney, shut up. Say one more word, and I'll take out both of your kidneys." The clay fox voiced with a smiling expression, Her voice still charming.

The captain was somewhat frightened. He took a deep breath and quickly shut his mouth.

Xu Qing hesitated and was about to speak when the clay fox chuckled and cast a meaningful glance at Xu Qing.

"Stinky brother, the moment Li Zihua became a god, he saw the future. Do you think when I became a god back then, I also saw the future?"

Xu Qing's expression changed.

However, that clay fox was already slowly turning blurry until She vanished into the world. Only Her coquettish voice could be heard echoing in all directions.

"Preserve your yang essence well. When you have time, you must come to the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race to play with me."

The voice gradually dissipated and the world returned to normal.

Very soon, under Ning Yan's shock, Wu Jianwu's horror, and the captain's muttering, the vessel also began to blur. With a hum, it disappeared from the surface of the river. At an astonishing speed, it shuttled through the void and stepped into the Holy Wave Large Region, heading straight for Fenghai County.

Above this ship, in the heavens of the Holy Wave Large Region, the starry sky was exceptionally clear. The distant stars flickered like fine flowers spreading out. At that moment, on a cluster of star flowers, a figure was walking forward with the vessel that had fused into the void.

He wore a black robe and had black hair.

His gaze were like stars, his body was like a sword, and his soul was like ice. He was none other than Old Ninth.































































1115 Sword Holders, Appear! (1)

The Wanggu World was vast and endless. The Holy Wave Large Region in the south was only a corner of the entire continent. It was far inferior to the core of Wanggu.

However, before the god calamity descended, this region could still be considered famous. Although it was remote, it was connected to the Spirit Heaven Region in the north, the Moon Gazing Region in the west, and in the northwest, there was an ancient desert path that led to the Flame Mystic Region.

Moreover, as it bordered the Forbidden Sea on both the southeast and northeast sides, the domain was extremely rich in both maritime trade and resources. At its peak, it was even considered one of the top ten regions of the human race.

However, the arrival of the god's fragmented-face changed everything. What the boundless Forbidden Sea conveyed to the Holy Wave Large Region was no longer fertility but endless anomalous substances and dangers.

As this continued, the radiance of the Holy Wave Large Region quickly dimmed. Coupled with the decline of the human race, under the repeated changes in imperial rule, it eventually fell into obscurity, becoming a mere shadow of its former self.

The Moon Gazing Region became the Moon Worship Region.

The Spirit Heaven Region also became the Black Spirit Region of the Black Heaven Race.

As for the ancient desert path that was connected to the Flame Mystic Region, it became a place that couldn't be stepped into. This was because the Flame Mystic Region… no longer belonged to the human race and had become the frontier of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race.

This lasted until… the appearance of the Purple Green Kingdom, which rejuvenated this dimmed domain, casting forth a brilliant light like the starry sky, inflicting the hearts of the myriad races in the Wanggu Continent to tremble.



However, it was only a flash in the pan. With the tragic death of Crown Prince Purple Green, all this radiance turned into smoke.

Even though the Seventh Prince had arrived, the Black Heaven Race had been defeated, and this generation's Grand Duke Holy Wave had chosen to return, all of this was just small-scale ripples.

In the context of the entire Wanggu Continent, there wasn't much of a ripple.

These events were clearly not qualified to stir up a storm in the entire Wanggu.

No one knew whether the Holy Wave Large Region could, in the future, shine with the same dazzling radiance that the Purple Green Kingdom had once conveyed to the entire Wanggu.

At this moment, in the northern part of the Holy Wave Large Region, within the Black Spirit Region that was once the Spirit Heaven Region, a war was raging fiercely. Looking around in the extremely bright heavens and earth, the defensive line of the Black Heaven Race was gradually collapsing.

Although there were many experts in the Black Heaven Race, the omnipresent Sun of Dawn dealt great damage to them. The Black Heaven Emperor and many peak experts of the race were even assassinated or heavily injured by mysterious cultivators.

All of this caused the Black Heaven Race to fall into a passive state. The moment the Red Moon disappeared, although the outside world knew about this and it would take time to confirm its authenticity, most of the pious people in the Black Heaven Race sensed it immediately.

This feeling made things worse, causing the Black Heaven Race to fall into sorrow.

Compared to the unprecedented weakness of the Black Heaven Race, the war launched by the human race this time was overwhelming. Not only did King Tian Lan participate, but outside the two huge regions of the Black Heaven Race, a total of thirteen Heavenly Kings took action.

They invaded the two huge regions of the Black Heaven Race from 13 directions.

Especially King Dong Ding, as the Heavenly King of the maternal clan of the Third Princess, his strength was astonishing. Leading the charge personally, he imposed significant pressure on the Black Heaven Race.

This gave King Tian Lan a lot of pressure.

In order to support the Seventh Prince, their clan had paid a huge price to obtain the tacit approval of the Human Emperor. One of the conditions in this price was that he needed to conquer half of the Black Spirit Region.

This was also the reason why King Tian Lan had recruited all the cultivators in the region after coming to the Holy Wave Large Region. To him, the life and death of the people in the Holy Wave Large Region wasn't important. At most, they would be replenished in the future.

What was important now was that they had to win this war. Only then could the Seventh Prince truly turn this place into a fief.

If he wanted to win, it wasn't enough with the subordinates he had brought. He yet needed to use a forbidden immortal art.

This technique required the blood and souls of living beings.

Hence, conscription orders were continuously issued by the Seventh Prince. There were also squads of people in charge of conscription who forcibly recruited soldiers from the entire huge region.

If they didn't obey, they would be reported to the Seventh Prince. The Seventh Prince, who was in charge of the administrative matters, would arrange for the guards to eliminate them.

This had been going on for half a year.

All the living beings of the myriad races in the Holy Wave Large Region used their lives to expand the battlefield against the Black Heaven Race. This forceful recruitment was done in Fenghai County too.

Facing righteousness and the Heavenly King, it was impossible for Fenghai County to disobey. Even though they knew that King Tian Lan had reserved his elites, and was using their blood and flesh to cast a forbidden spell, they were powerless to resist.

In just half a year, five batches of troops had been sent to the battlefield.

In the fifth batch, half of them were Sword Holders.

 For Fenghai County, which had recently experienced a major war, it was a time of instability. Many sects and races within the county chose to switch sides and join the Seventh Prince.

Fenghai County also didn't have the ability to organize the sixth batch of troops unless… they sent out the remaining Sword Holders and the seeds of the various sects.

However, in that case, Fenghai County would have no future.

However, the difference in status and strength between the two sides caused Fenghai County to have no choice but to submit. At this moment, outside Fenghai County, a group of cultivators holding the conscription order from the Seventh Prince reached in the sky.

They were as many as ten thousand and were divided into two groups. One group was at the front and wore black robes with golden swords embroidered on them as they flew in the sky.

Among this group of people, the human race occupied more than half. There were also some nonhumans. They were all cultivators from the various sects and races in Fenghai County.

After they chose to defect and join the Seventh Prince, their identities changed. Now, under the Seventh Prince's orders, they were like imperial envoys, coming here to forcefully recruit soldiers.

At this moment, with relaxed expressions and casual conversations, most of them gazed at Sealed Sea County with disdain, and some even had a sneer on their lips.































































1116 Sword Holders, Appear! (2)

Behind them were thousands of blood-armored and blood-

robed battle cultivators, each with a cold and indifferent expression, exuding a strong murderous aura. Wherever they went, it felt like a dark cloud pressing down, displaying extraordinary momentum.

They weren't cultivators from the Holy Wave Large Region but from the Imperial City. They were the guards that the Seventh Prince had brought with him back then.

Each of them rode on a black giant lizard covered in armor. As they got closer to the county capital, a domineering and destructive intent spread out from them.

Among the ten thousand cultivators, there was a tall canopy held high, and beneath it, a white flying elephant was particularly conspicuous.

Sitting on the white elephant was a middle-aged man in armor. His appearance was ordinary but when he opened and closed his eyes, a sharp and cold light flashed past.

There were more than ten golden-armored figures in his surroundings, and every one of them emitted terrifying Nihility energy fluctuations, causing black clouds to form in the sky. As they moved forward, these black clouds also followed.

Beside the white elephant was an old man.

This old man's face was covered in wrinkles and there were marks in his eyes that were like shooting stars. As he followed, he looked at the Fenghai County capital city that was being held up by the Ancient Sovereign Mystic Nether statue in the distance. A hint of resentment and hatred appeared on his face.

"Xue Lianzi, Zheng Kaiyi, and that b*stard Xu Qing!"

The old man gritted his teeth as the flames of hatred in his heart burned intensely.

The middle-aged man on the white elephant swept his gaze across the old man and smiled faintly.

"Soaring Cloud, you should have many old friends here, right?"



When the old man heard this, he immediately bowed respectfully and cupped his fists.

"Lord Military Governor, please allow me to catch up with my old friends later."

He gritted his teeth as he said the words 'old friends'.

The middle-aged man nodded with a smile.

This old man was none other than Saintly Star's grandfather, Soaring Cloud Ancestor of the Eight Sects Alliance's Soaring Cloud Sword Sect.

In the past, because of Saintly Star, he was punished to be confined for 60 years. However, upon the arrival of King Tian Lan, the Alliance Leader released him before he betrayed the Eight Sects Alliance. After learning of everything, Soaring Cloud Ancestor chose to follow and join the Seventh Prince.

He had put in a lot of efforts to get the chance to accompany the military governor here.

He wasn't worried that Fenghai County would resist because in the current situation, resistance would speed up its death.

In fact, he was even looking forward to it.

If they resist, they'll definitely die. Even if they don't resist, all that's waiting for them will be death!'

'Alas, my grandson clearly had the potential to become an ancient sovereign. However, that b*stard Xu Qing was jealous of my grandson's potential and sinisterly persecuted him!'

'And my son died tragically because of Zheng Kaiyi!'

'The root of all this is Xue Lianzi!'

'Your entire lineage will have to die!'

The killing intent in Soaring Cloud Ancestor's eyes was intense. He gazed at Fenghai County in front of him and waved his right hand. Immediately, the black clouds in the sky churned with his thoughts, forming bolts of lightning that streaked across the sky and gathered into a huge lightning dragon. With a deafening roar, it headed straight for the Fenghai County capital city.

It wanted to tear it apart.

In an instant, the lightning dragon arrived in the air above the capital city. Just as it was about to land, a figure appeared in front of the lightning dragon and pressed down.

The lightning dragon was blocked. No matter how it struggled, it was useless. In the end, it exploded, forming an arc-shaped lightning rain that enveloped Fenghai County.

The entire Fenghai County was silent. All the mortals were requested to stay at home and not go out.

Only the cultivators from the three palaces and the elites of the various sects who were seen as willing to live and die with Fenghai County looked at the sky with anger.

Among them were seen as Yao Yunhui, Li Shitao, the Seven Blood Eyes' disciples, and many others Xu Qing was familiar with.

 However, his second senior brother wasn't around, nor was Kong Xianglong.

As the army arrived with oppressive momentum, the black clouds in the surroundings churned even more intensely. From afar, compared to them, Fenghai County was like a lone boat in the raging waves that could capsize at any moment.

In the army, the middle-aged man on the white elephant yawned and casually said.

"You know best how deep the foundation of Fenghai County is. You have fifteen minutes to complete the conscription. I still have to go to the next destination."

As he spoke, he picked up an ancient book and started reading. It was as though he didn't care about what happened next at all.

The soldiers and battle cultivators beside him also looked on coldly.

Only the cultivators in front who were originally from Fenghai County were shouting vigorously, including Soaring Cloud Ancestor.

He looked down at the person who had destroyed his lightning dragon with killing intent.

"Zheng Kaiyi!"

The old man in the air was none other than Old Master Seventh.

He gazed at the army with a gloomy expression. He waved his hand slightly and dispersed the arc of lightning on his palm. At the same time, behind him, figures appeared one after another.

First, it was Marquis Yao, then the succeeding three Palace Masters, the deacons of the various palaces, and even experts from the various sects. All the Nihility cultivators appeared in the sky.

Xue Lianzi, Yanyan's grandmother, and three sect masters of the Eight Sects Alliance were seen as also present.

All of them had solemn expressions.

However, compared to before Xu Qing left, there were seen as much fewer of them now.

Those who weren't present had either changed sides or died in battle.

There was also a woman in the crowd. She wore a long purple dress that was like redbuds blooming in the sky. Her appearance was peerlessly beautiful. She was none other than Zi Xuan.

She stood there and was very conspicuous. Moreover, from her location, it was obvious that her status was different from others and was even higher.

However, there seemed to be a frown on her face, making her seem a little depressed. She gazed coldly at Soaring Cloud Ancestor and the army behind him.

The entire Fenghai County was silent.

The arrival of the army formed a huge pressure that enveloped everyone in Fenghai County. It wasn't that they didn't want to send out their troops, but they had reached their limit.































































1117 Sword Holders, Appear! (3)

"Yao Tianyan, Zheng Kaiyi, such guts!" Soaring Cloud Ancestor walked out and stood in front of the army. His eyes were filled with killing intent and unprecedented joy rose in his heart as he sneered.

"It has been seven days since the Seventh Prince sent the order for conscription. While the battlefield is in crisis, with heavy casualties on our side, Fenghai County only cares about self-

preservation and is unwilling to send a single soldier or contribute in any way."

"Your actions are equivalent to colluding with the enemy. You are the scum of the human race!"

"Today, the Military Governor has personally arrived. If you still refuse to see reason, then is Fenghai County still part of the human race? Do you still have the Human Emperor above your heads? Is the righteous cause of the Human Clan still in your hearts?"

Soaring Cloud Ancestor had experienced too much in his lifetime, long cultivating profound wisdom. His words were filled with righteousness, every phrase tightly bound to the human race, far beyond the comparison of ordinary individuals.

At that moment, these impassioned words echoed. Even the middle-aged man on the white elephant lifted his head with a hint of admiration in his eyes.

When the people from Fenghai County heard this, they were all filled with grief and anger. Most of the cultivators from the three palaces had ashen expressions. They gritted their teeth and their eyes were filled with anger. In the sky, Marquis Yao took a step forward, looking indignant.

"You said that my Fenghai County only knows how to protect ourselves and isn't willing to send out a single soldier. In the past half a year, my Fenghai County has sent five batches, each with a million men. Even the Palace Master of Observance Palace, as well as many deacons from the three palaces were sent!"

"These millions of soldiers were the future hope of our Fenghai County and our only remaining troops!"

"We are already at the end of our rope."

"Now, you're here, distorting the truth!"



"You keep talking about the righteousness of the human race. Dare I ask how many of the five batches conscripted from Fenghai County are still alive? The Palace Master of the Observance Palace as well as many deacons died in battle in those foreign lands. Didn't they die for the righteousness of the human race?!"

"Our Fenghai County has experienced many things in recent years. We were the ones who shouldered the invasion of the Holy Wave. Three Palace Masters died in battle, and the County Governor died for no reason. The Seventh Prince came to plunder the spoils of war, looking like he came to save us, but everyone understands the truth!"

"Isn't the death of five batches of our Fenghai County's children enough? Could it be that even our last spark has to be extinguished?!"

Marquis Yao spoke solemnly. His gaze wasn't on Soaring Cloud Ancestor but on the army behind him. He enunciated each word with a clear conscience.

Old Master Seventh, who was beside him, also walked out. He looked at the white elephant in the army and calmly spoke.

"We have the righteousness of the human race in our hearts. We can also sacrifice ourselves, but it has to be worth it."

"I want to inquire Lord Military Governor, how many of the Seventh Prince's subordinates have been sent to the battlefield?"

The middle-aged man on the white elephant didn't put down the ancient book in his hand. He only spoke calmly to Soaring Cloud Ancestor.

"You still have eight moments left."

When Soaring Cloud Ancestor heard this, his eyes flashed with coldness as he swept his gaze across the city. Finally, he looked at Old Master Seventh, Marquis Yao, and the others and spoke coldly.

"The Palace Masters, Deputy Palace Masters, deacons, and the remaining Sword Holders shall be conscripted."

"The sect masters of the various sects will also participate in the battle."

"In addition… during the first conscription half a year ago, His Highness the Seventh Prince specifically named Xu Qing to participate in the first conscription half a year ago. You covered up using the excuse of his seclusion. This time, Xu Qing must participate in the battle!"

"In sevenfold minutes, including Xu Qing, everyone must present themselves!"

With that, Soaring Cloud Ancestor took a step forward.

This step sent a rumbling energy in all directions, causing the weather to change. A huge vortex formed in the sky. As it rumbled, everyone from Fenghai County turned furious and their auras rose.

A look of determination appeared in Marquis Yao's eyes. After exchanging glances with Old Master Seventh, there was an additional hint of determination in his eyes. His voice echoed with baleful intent.

"Three palaces!"

In an instant, the three Palace Masters behind him soared into the sky and let out deep shouts one after another.

This was especially so for the Sword Holding Palace, which was in charge of fighting. The current Palace Master who was once the Deputy Palace Master, uttered a killing intent that reverberated through the world.

"Sword Holders, appear!"

His voice echoed through the entire county capital. Many figures ascended from the ground and solemn voices rang out.

 "Sword Holder Sun Chenwu is here!"

"Sword Holder Zhang Hao is here!"

"Sword Holder Lu Tao is here!"

…

Among the many voices, there was a voice that was exceptionally clear. It was like thunder had exploded in everyone's ears, stirring up endless waves.

"Sword Holder Xu Qing is here!"































































1118 A Breeze Brings the Essence of Spring

Although these short six words were mixed in with the voices of many Sword Holders, Xu Qing's name gave this sentence extraordinary meaning!

To Fenghai County, especially to the Sword Holders, the meaning of the name 'Xu Qing' was too great!

They were comrades-in-arms who had lived and died together and had experienced the baptism of a cruel war together!

He was also the former hero and future county governor of Fenghai County.

Even mortals couldn't forget this name.

Hence, in an instant, all the Sword Holders who were filled with grief and indignation and wanted to fight to the death were shaken.

They knew that that person had come out of seclusion!

At that moment, their expressions revealed excitement as they looked around, wanting to find the figure in their memories.

It wasn't just the Sword Holders. The cultivators from the other two palaces were the same. Most of the elite cultivators from the various sects in Fenghai County were also shocked.

Even those who had never seen Xu Qing before understood the weight of this name in Fenghai County.

The expressions of the three Palace Masters, Marquis Yao, and the others in the sky also changed.



The instant this name appeared, it caused the hearts of countless people in the capital city to fluctuate. An even more majestic vortex appeared in the sky. This vortex was extremely huge and enveloped most of the sky.

As it rumbled, it caused lightning to explode in all directions, causing the color of the sky to change. A strong wind blew from the horizon and circled in the distance, transforming into a storm.

As the commotion spread, a gigantic ship leaped out of the vortex in the sky!

This ship was pitch-black and emitted a terrifying pressure. Black fog formed tentacles in its surroundings, spreading to the sides and looking like a pair of wings.

At the bow of the ship, an extension protruded with a dragon head carved on it. It looked fierce yet majestic. There were also six claws carved near it, exuding an aura of nobility and striking fear into the hearts of those who beheld it.

On the sail that was raised high, a name was written in bold font.

"Jicang!"

Outsiders didn't understand the meaning of this name and could only sense the might and domineeringness of the style of the writing. In reality, this was the ship the heir had given Xu Qing. The name was his and he had personally written it on the sail.

The instant it appeared, thunder rumbled. The expressions of the Seventh Prince's soldiers in the air changed. The middle-

aged man on the white elephant also immediately put down the ancient book in his hand with a bewildered expression.

As for the Soaring Cloud Ancestor at the front, he was frightened.

However, before he could react, the huge ship that appeared on the vortex charged toward him with an earth-shattering aura.

He couldn't dodge or block!

This ship, forged by the heir, had an astonishing level and exceeded imagination in terms of speed. Combined with its sudden appearance, everything happened in the blink of an eye.

Hence, in the blink of an eye, this huge ship with an imposing aura that seemed to be able to devour the world headed straight for the Soaring Cloud Ancestor.

A moment ago, it was at the end of the sky, but in the next instant, it directly arrived in front of the Soaring Cloud Ancestor and ruthlessly collided.

Even though Soaring Cloud Ancestor's cultivation was at the first stage of Nihility, he was still greatly shaken at this moment. The feeling of life-and-death crisis rose intensely. He let out a loud shout and went all out, crazily unleashing his cultivation base, causing the meteors in his eyes to transform outside, forming a thousand dao marks to resist the ship.

However, in the blink of an eye, the Dao marks around the Soaring Cloud Ancestor shattered and collapsed one after another. The void around him caved in and collapsed on a large scale.

The cultivation levels of the defectors from Fenghai County behind him were inferior to his. At this moment, they had no strength to resist at all. They didn't even have the time to scream before their bodies and souls were destroyed under the collapse of the void.

In an instant, their bodies turned into mist that splattered everywhere.

An even stronger deterrence force enveloped the white elephant and the surrounding army with the arrival of the ship.

As for the Soaring Cloud Ancestor, his face instantly turned pale before turning red. The veins on his forehead bulged and he finally spat out a large mouthful of blood. A heart-rending sound rang out as his body was knocked over with a boom.

As he was forced back, his chest collapsed and his body fractured, causing him to spurt out blood continuously. His cultivation energy also dispersed, unable to reassemble.

 And his body was drawn by the force of the ship, even though he tried to retreat, it was difficult for him to offset the force, and his speed was severely affected.

And this was not the end; at the moment when Soaring Cloud Ancestor was severely injured from the collision, a figure swiftly flew out from the giant ship. This person was radiating a dazzling blue light, illuminating the heavens and the earth, like a blue meteor heading straight for Soaring Cloud Ancestor.

The figure spoke proudly.

"Sword Holder Chen Erniu is here!"

As he spoke, the blue meteor caught up to Soaring Cloud Ancestor. A face appeared in the captain's eyes, and more faces appeared in the eyes of the face, stacking again and again. A large number of small blue tentacles appeared on his body and gathered on his right hand, attacking ruthlessly.

Amidst the rumbling, Soaring Cloud Ancestor spat out another mouthful of blood. He wanted to struggle and counterattack, but in the blink of an eye, a second figure flew out of the huge boat. At first, this figure was the size of an ordinary person, but in the next instant, his flesh was torn apart, transforming into a vast giant.

It was Xu Qing's first layer god form!

His body was of the Ghost Emperor and it was incomparably majestic. He wore an emperor's crown and emitted an aura of imperial nobility.

A piercing golden light emitted from its body and transformed into rainbow colors in the surroundings.

The Heavenly Dao Furnace was located in his heart and continued to beat. Every strike was like heavenly lightning and even erupted with raging flames that burned his entire body.

A black spear that was surrounded by countless bolts of lightning appeared beside Xu Qing. He grabbed it and strode forward, stirring up a monstrous aura and threw it at Soaring Cloud Ancestor.

With a buzz, this black spear pierced through the void, destroying everything. It appeared in front of the Soaring Cloud Ancestor and pierced through his chest.

An even more mournful cry rang out from the Soaring Cloud Ancestor's mouth. A huge hole appeared in his chest and his Dao marks spread out, burning one after another.

Unspeakable pain spread throughout his body, his eyes turning bloodshot. The sense of life and death crisis became even more intense. His mind went blank, leaving only the determination to fight desperately. He was about to gather his scattered cultivation at all costs, but how could the captain give him such an opportunity?

Almost at the same time the spear pierced through, the captain's figure approached again. The heavenly dog and a blue light flickered as it ruthlessly devoured.

Soaring Cloud Ancestor's entire body trembled violently and his body quickly turned into an ice sculpture. A large amount of life force was uncontrollably sucked out and fused into the captain. All of this made Soaring Cloud Ancestor go crazy.

However, it was useless. Xu Qing had already closed in and he punched the ice sculpture with all his might.

With a boom, the ice sculpture crumbled and blood spurted out of Soaring Cloud Ancestor's entire body. His hair was disheveled and he was in a sorry state. This was unprecedented for him.

The captain rushed over again. His coordination with Xu Qing was perfect. The two of them attacked together and launched a continuous, powerful bombardment against the Soaring Cloud Ancestor in this short period of time.

The Military Governor and the surrounding army wanted to help, but Old Master Seventh and the others also erupted with their auras.

Immediately after, the Soaring Cloud Ancestor let out a deafening roar, his aura surging, seeming to display a last-ditch effort, but instead of attacking, he retreated.

From this, it could be seen that Xu Qing and the captain's attacks frightened even the Soaring Cloud Ancestor.

However, he didn't have a chance.

The captain's entire body trembled and the blue light spreading from him was like the sea. Countless blue worms manifested that swept up the sea of light, forming a large blue hand that clutched at Soaring Cloud Ancestor!

On Xu Qing's side, black gas instantly erupted from his body and surrounded him, forming a black armor. Underworld fire burned in his eyes and his aura soared astonishingly.

This wasn't the complete second layer god form, and was only a portion.

Working together with the captain to kill a Soaring Cloud Ancestor wasn't worth expending Crimson Goddess' flesh to unleash the complete second layer god form. Now, this was his strongest state without expending Crimson Goddess' flesh.

In the blink of an eye, the two of them attacked at the same time. The world trembled and heavenly lightning rumbled. As the void exploded, Xu Qing's figure approached the Soaring Cloud Ancestor. He lifted his right hand and black gas erupted, surrounding the spear and forming a blade shadow outside, transforming into a heavenly blade.

This blade swept across and slashed through the Soaring Cloud Ancestor's neck!

The Poison Restriction spread rapidly, affecting his entire body and corroding it.

Soaring Cloud wailed. His Dao marks actually showed signs of corrosion.

At the same time, the large blue hand transformed by the captain also clutched the beheaded Soaring Cloud Ancestor and squeezed him ruthlessly. Amidst the rumbling sounds, Soaring Cloud's body turned into minced meat. The captain's face appeared and he was about to devour it.

However, at the next instant, he sensed the poison inside and hurriedly gave up, storing it instead.

The blue light also dissipated at this moment, revealing the captain's true body. He then glanced at Xu Qing bitterly.

Xu Qing's body rapidly changed, returning to the first layer god form. He stood there and looked at the army. The baleful aura on his body rose, causing the world to darken.

The vicinity immediately fell silent. Countless gazes gathered on Xu Qing and the captain and waves of inhaling sounds rang out one after another.

All of this happened too quickly and fiercely. Everyone's minds were in turmoil.

Spirit Repositories had slain a Nihility.

This matter… was almost impossible. However, everyone here had witnessed it with their own eyes today!

On the Military Governor's side, the fluctuations from the ten thousand cultivators were intense. The middle-aged man on the white elephant had a solemn expression and his eyes unveiled killing intent.

As for Fenghai County, Old Master Seventh smiled with relief in his eyes. He then looked in the direction of the Moon Offering Region. As he fell into deep thought, he swept his gaze across the sky from the corner of his eyes but didn't say anything.

Xue Lianzi stroked his beard with a proud expression which looked a little similar to the captain's habitual expression.

A strange expression materialized on Marquis Yao's face. What he was looking at was the name on the ship's sail!

As for the others, their expressions were also different.

The three Palace Masters, deacons, and experts of the various sects were all focused.

On the ground, ripples rose in Yao Yunhui's heart. During this period of time, she couldn't help but think of Xu Qing's good points and they were slowly ingrained in her heart.

As a result, she was a little dazed.

As for the graceful Zi Xuan in the sky, there was no massive ship or anything in her beautiful eyes. Only the figure standing in the distance became the only one in her world as she muttered softly.

"It's good that you're back."

Her charming face, once clouded with sorrow, gradually cleared, revealing a radiant spirit that made her even more beautiful.

It was the moment when smiling eyes questioned the flowers, and the flowers responded in kind; a gentle breeze played a tune, and the feelings of spring arrived.































































1119 Stars Losing Brilliance, Sun and Moon Shifting (1)

As Xu Qing and the captain stood in the sky, feelings of excitement spread in all directions.

All the Sword Holders were excited. They felt like they had returned to the moment when the appointment ceremony of the county governor of Fenghai County was held.

At that time, Xu Qing also stood in the world like this, his figure landing in everyone's minds.

Today, this figure was even more majestic and imposing.

Hence, under their excitement, these Sword Holders flew out one after another and gathered toward Xu Qing. More and more of them appeared and the entire county capital city emitted an intense battle intent at this moment.

Although Old Master Seventh and Marquis Yao's cultivation and status far surpassed Xu Qing's, in everyone's hearts, they seemed to be on a lofty cloud, making people feel like they could observe and not approach.

Because they were too far away.

However, Xu Qing was different. Xu Qing was their comrade-in-

arms. They had walked through life and death together and were familiar with each other. At the same time, they also recognized Xu Qing's character.

Hence, while they respected Xu Qing, they were also very amiable.

At that moment, all the Sword Holders were standing beside Xu Qing.

Looking at these comrades, Xu Qing's heart stirred. He always remembered the words that Zi Xuan had once said to him. At that time, he, who had just arrived in Fenghai County, didn't have much acknowledgment or understanding of the Sword Holders, nor was he certain who they were.



It was Zi Xuan who told him that when he first had respect for this organization and the people inside, he might have an answer.

Respect came from understanding, and his feeling of respect came from the former Palace Master of the Sword Holding Palace, Kong Liangxiu.

All kinds of emotions rose in Xu Qing's heart. He took a deep breath and suppressed them because now wasn't the time to reminisce about the past.

This great crisis that concerned Fenghai County wasn't over yet.

The deceased included only the Soaring Cloud Ancestor and some of the turncoat cultivators from Fenghai County. Perhaps they considered themselves exceptional, able to command authority within their own sphere, and felt they were highly regarded.

However, in reality, in the heart of the middle-aged man sitting on the white elephant, these people were just minor characters in a remote village.

To him, who had come from the Grand Imperial Capital Region and was used to being high and mighty, these people weren't important.

He only felt pity about the Soaring Cloud Ancestor.

However, this pity wasn't strong.

What made his expression solemn was that Xu Qing and the captain were actually able to kill Nihility with their Spirit Repository cultivation bases. This had never happened even in the Grand Imperial Capital Region.

"Only those super clans in the Wanggu Continent would have seen such situations, but even then, it's extremely rare."

The middle-aged man narrowed his eyes and his gaze landed on Xu Qing and the captain.

Before this, he had listened of Xu Qing's name and knew the significance of this name to Fenghai County. He also admitted in his heart that such a heaven's chosen was indeed worthy of being valued so much by Fenghai County.

"This kid isn't far from completely growing up. Also, I've never heard of that person beside him before."

Thinking of this, he slowly spoke.

"You're Xu Qing?"

"Before I came here, I listened the Seventh Prince mention you. He praised you greatly and I have also heard of your result in the Heart Inquisition by the Emperor. Even His Majesty praised you."

"Therefore, I won't pursue the matter of you killing Soaring Cloud for the time being."

"You were rewarded with first-class battle merits, a golden plaque, a yellow robe, and the qualifications for the Imperial Academy. I think you have a deep understanding of righteousness."

"This time, you will be in charge of the conscription of Fenghai County and redeem yourself. Are you willing?"

The middle-aged man on the white elephant calmly spoke.

As soon as he finished speaking, the ten thousand battle cultivators wearing red armor and sitting on the giant lizards beside him took a step forward in unison. Their movements immediately stirred up tempestuous waves, causing the sky to change color. A strong wind whistled, forming a storm.

 The murderous intent was especially intense. It was as though they would flatten all the obstacles in front of them with a single order.

In Fenghai County, under the guidance of this aura, killing intent also rose. The Sword Holders drew their swords one after another, waiting for Xu Qing's order.

The cultivators from the other two palaces and the disciples of the various sects were also solemn.

Xu Qing fell silent and didn't answer the military governor's question immediately. Instead, he turned his head and looked at the Sword Holders in the surroundings, at all the cultivators in Fenghai County, and finally at Old Master Seventh and Marquis Yao.

The relief in Old Master Seventh's eyes deepened as he smiled.

"You've grown up."

These words completely expressed his thoughts. He handed the decision to Xu Qing.

Marquis Yao glanced at Xu Qing with a dazed expression. Vaguely, he seemed to have seen Kong Liangxiu's figure from back then on Xu Qing. Hence, he also smiled and nodded at Xu Qing.

"You have made astonishing contributions to all living beings in Fenghai County. If it wasn't for the fact that your cultivation level wasn't high enough, the position of County Governor would have belonged to you. Your master and I managed Fenghai County before you grew up. Now…"

"You will decide the future path of Fenghai County."

As the two of them spoke, the three Palace Masters, deacons, and the experts of the various sects all glanced at Xu Qing with gentle gazes.

Xu Qing took a deep breath and bowed to Old Master Seventh and Marquis Yao. He then turned and glanced at his surroundings. Looking at the gazes of the Fenghai County cultivators, he knew their intentions.

Hence, Xu Qing's eyes stirred. He glanced at the military governor and calmly spoke.

"The Human Emperor has decreed that Fenghai County is autonomous. Please forgive me for not being able to obey your words!"

As soon as Xu Qing spoke, the aura of Fenghai County erupted. The people of Fenghai County had long wanted to say this but they lacked confidence. Hence, they could only endure it.

Now that Xu Qing spoke it, it was like lightning had exploded, echoing in all directions.

When the middle-aged military governor on the white elephant listened this, a cold glint flashed in his eyes. Then, he lowered his eyelids slightly and uttered calmly.































































1120 Stars Losing Brilliance, Sun and Moon Shifting (2)

"Take Xu Qing down and send him to the Heavenly King for judgment. Anyone who obstructs shall be charged with rebellion and executed on the spot."

At the next instant, the 10,000-strong army in the air erupted with a monstrous baleful aura. They lined up in a formation and rushed toward the city with an overwhelming force.

From afar, a phantom of a blood-red giant lizard formed from the aura of these ten thousand cultivators and let out a deafening roar at Fenghai County.

The sound exploded the void, forming a storm.

In an instant, the ground trembled, clouds churned, and the sun and moon lost their color.

As for Fenghai County's side, they had long endured it to the extreme. Now, their auras also erupted. Figures transformed into rainbows and also formed an array formation in the air.

There were three different array formations from the three palaces.

On the Sword Holding Palace's side, their aura gathered to form a sword phantom that could slay all living beings.

The Observance Palace and the Law Palace had their own aura manifestations as well.

Tall puppets flew out rapidly as well, controlled by multiple cultivators.

At the same time, a large net appeared in the sky as the Taboo magic treasure of the county capital was activated. Together with the Taboos of many sects, they spread out in the world.



Most of the human counties in the other regions wouldn't have much experience in a war, and even if they did experience wards, they would be on a small scale. However, Fenghai County had just experienced a large-scale war a few years ago, so its remaining soldiers were all cultivators who had experienced many battles.

Hence, they weren't unfamiliar with war.

In an instant, the two sides clashed. Xu Qing bowed to the sky, trying to request Old Ninth to make a move but there was no response.

Xu Qing sighed inwardly. However, he understood that someone like ninth grandfather wasn't someone who would make a move just because he wanted to.

It depended on the enemy's level.

Hence, very soon, the battlefield rumbled endlessly. As for the golden-armored subordinates around the middle-aged man on the white elephant, their eyes revealed coldness as they flew out one after another. As their Nihility cultivation erupted, Old Master Seventh, Marquis Yao, and the others also flew over.

The Nihility experts of both sides entered the battle.

As for the traitors from Fenghai County who hadn't been killed by Xu Qing's ship earlier, when they saw the start of the war, all of them felt nervous. However, due to their belief in the superiority of their side, their panic quickly disappeared and they joined the battle.

Xu Qing narrowed his eyes. With a sway of his body, he flew straight toward those people. Wherever he passed, the void rumbled. In the blink of an eye, Xu Qing got close to a Spirit Repository cultivator.

The speed of Xu Qing's first layer god form was too fast. The other party was shocked and was about to retreat, but it was too late. Xu Qing lifted his left hand and punched out.

This punch didn't land on the other party's body, but changed the rules and laws in the surroundings, creating a force that turned his retreat into an advance.

In the blink of an eye, the Spirit Repository cultivator who withdrew spurted out blood. His own rules were rebounding, and his body, out of control, dashed straight toward Xu Qing. Xu Qing's right hand thrust the black long spear fiercely.

The taboo spear directly pierced through the cultivator's neck. The power contained in it burst and exploded the cultivator's body and secret repository.

His body and soul were destroyed.

Xu Qing didn't stop. He turned and swept his gaze, attacking the next person.

The captain had also rushed over. At that moment, the blue light enveloped one person. As the blue light dissipated, the other party's figure disappeared. Only the captain licked his lips and his entire body shone as he rushed toward another person.

There were also the Sword Holders from the Secretariat Department in the surroundings. They spontaneously chose to become personal guards and followed Xu Qing and the captain to kill their way over.

Under everyone's attacks, these traitors died quickly. Some of them let out bitter oaths before they died.

"Seventh Prince will definitely learn about what happened today. Xu Qing, we'll wait for you in the underworld!"

"The moment King Tian Lan returns, he will definitely kill all of you!"

Xu Qing was unmoved. After killing these traitors, he looked at the combat zone in the sky.

At that moment, under the short period of contact between the two armies, due to the enhancement of the Taboo treasures and the ferocity of the Fenghai County cultivators, the Fenghai County side gained a huge advantage.

The ten thousand blood-red armored cultivators kept retreating.

 The situation of the Nihility battle was also the same.

This scene caused the gaze of the middle-aged military governor to become increasingly cold. He admitted that he had underestimated Fenghai County previously, but it was not an issue. As the military governor, he didn't rely on these soldiers but on the decree of King Tian Lan's decree he held to conscript troops.

Hence, he calmly took out a golden jade pendant which then emitted a monstrous light.

This golden light spread out and continued to be released. It was astonishingly resplendent and dazzling. At the same time, the aura of the Soul Accumulation transformed into pressure that burst violently.

The sky was dim and the void was blurry. As the ground quaked, the hearts of the Fenghai County cultivators shook and they withdrew one after another. Their cultivation levels were suppressed and their souls were shaken. Everything about them was incomparably fragile in front of the aura of the Soul Accumulation.

"A spark dares to compete with the bright moon?"

The military governor calmly spoke. As his eyes revealed coldness, huge golden words rapidly created in front of him.

"Conscript all the living beings of the myriad races in the Holy Wave Large Region to fight."

The moment these golden words appeared, the aura from the Soul Accumulation also reached its limit, causing the world to tremble.

It was also at this moment that Xu Qing lifted his head and looked at the sky even higher. He then cupped his fists and bowed before speaking in a solemn voice.

"Grandpa Ninth, please."

As soon as Xu Qing finished speaking, a sword light tore through the sky and descended.

This sword slash caused the sky and earth to collapse, and its light destroyed all techniques.

This slash caused the stars to lose their light and the sun and moon to shift.































































1121 Stars Losing Brilliance, Sun and Moon Shifting (3)

The sky tore apart, revealing a huge rift. The void shattered, forming a long-shaped black hole.

All light, all sound, all spirits, and all intents were pulled and devoured by the black hole the moment the sword slashed.

Everything disappeared and time stopped.

Only this sword light silently landed. It was breathtaking and contained peerless might as it slashed at the Soul Accumulation aura released by the jade token in the military governor's hand.

King Tian Lan's aura instantly collapsed. The golden light dimmed and became ordinary.

The large golden words that caused all living beings to tremble, lost their brilliance. As the sword light swept past, they collapsed in unison and shattered into pieces, dissipating in the air.

At the same time, the jade pendant in the military governor's hand shattered.

Cracks appeared on the jade pendant that contained King Tian LanKing Tian Lan's decree. More and more cracks appeared and instantly spread out, turning into dust that landed on the white elephant middle-aged man.

The military governor shivered in fright as he lifted his head slowly and gazed at the sky.ked at the sky.

He couldn't see anything but he could imagine what kind of existence was there.



"I…"

He opened his mouth to speak but he didn't have the chance. When the wind blew, his body turned into dust.

Only he died. The white elephant under him was unscathed but it prostrated on the ground while shivering.

As for the blood-red armored soldiers in the surroundings, none of them was injured by this sword.

This was Old Ninth. His sword had already reached the extreme level. With a thought, he could destroy everything, and with a thought, he could kill a specific individual without harming anything else.

Clearly, although Old Ninth had attacked, he still had the human race in his heart, so he didn't kill too many.

However, it was enough.

The instant the sword light dissipated and the military governor turned into dust, the entire world fell silent.

The bodies of those blood-red armored soldiers and the subordinates of the military governor shivered violently. Their expressions were filled with intense horror, turning into a storm that rumbled through their bodies.

They saw this sword slash and understood the meaning behind it. It was also this understanding that caused everyone's minds to be blank, leaving only fear.

It was the same for Fenghai County. All the Sword Holders, cultivators from the three palaces, and the elites of the various sects felt their hearts churning.

The sect masters, the three Palace Masters, and the deacons in the air were the same. Their hearts were trembling unprecedentedly. They instinctively gazed at Xu Qing with disbelief.

They vaguely remembered that before this earth-shattering sword slash landed, Xu Qing had bowed to the sky and called out ninth grandfather…

Zi Xuan was also stunned and he looked at Xu Qing in a daze.

As for Marquis Yao, his heart fluctuated intensely. Previously, when he saw the word 'Jicang' on Xu Qing's ship, he felt that it was familiar. As a heavenly marquis aristocratic family, although their family was in dire straits, they had preserved many ancient books.

When he thought of the region Xu Qing was in previously, he vaguely remembered that a long, long time ago, the heir of the Moon Offering Region's ruler was called Li Jicang!

And the ninth son of that ruler was proficient in sword…

At the thought of this, Marquis Yao's heartbeat was incomparably intense.

As for Old Master Seventh, his expression was very strange. He gazed at the sky with a rueful expression. After that, he seemed to be relieved and shook his head. He then looked at Xu Qing and his eldest disciple. The gratification in his eyes replaced everything.

The captain saw this scene. Xu Qing didn't pay much attention to it. His attention was on the trembling blood-red armored army.

Since ninth grandfather wasn't willing to kill these people, it wasn't easy for Xu Qing to deal with them. Hence, after a moment of silence, Xu Qing turned his head and looked at the giant ship.

Ning Yan and Wu Jianwu were squatting there and secretly observing the battle.

Noticing Xu Qing's gaze, Ning Yan blinked and instinctively lowered his head with a bitter expression, not daring to look at him. However, he still couldn't help but pay attention to Xu Qing from the corner of his eyes.

When Xu Qing saw this, his gaze turned cold and he frowned.

 The captain also gazed over with a spurious smile.

Ning Yan's heart skipped a beat. He was afraid of the captain but what he was most afraid of was still Xu Qing. After all, the captain had only bitten him, while his encounter with Xu Qing almost led to his death.

At that moment, both of them were looking at him. Ning Yan knew that if he didn't act now, he probably wouldn't have a good time. He sighed in his heart and gritted his teeth fiercely. He stood up and walked out of the ship.

Wu Jianwu, who was at the side, blinked. He naturally understood what Ning Yan was doing, so he began to brew a poem in his mind.

Ning Yan's appearance didn't attract much attention at first, but as he walked, his bloodline energy erupted, forming a golden canopy that swayed above him.

There was also a four-clawed golden dragon that manifested as the bloodline continued to activate. It danced in the world and let out an earth-shattering roar at the sky.

As soon as the golden dragon appeared, its roar shook the surroundings. An imperial robe also emerged on Ning Yan's body. All of this caused Ning Yan to instantly be the center of attention.

The cultivators of Fenghai County gazed over in unison. All of their expressions changed and were filled with surprise and shock.

The ones who were more shocked were the ten thousand terrified blood-red armored soldiers and the Nihility subordinates of the military governor. They were intimidated by that sword slash and were in a dilemma, but when they saw Ning Yan's appearance, their expressions changed drastically.

The bloodline fluctuations from Ning Yan and the golden four-

clawed dragon made them, who were from the Grand Imperial Capital Region, immediately sense the presence of the imperial family.

This scene instantly caused these soldiers to be bewildered. However, they didn't know Ning Yan. Clearly, Ning Yan wasn't particularly prominent among the Human Emperor's offspring.































































1122 Stars Losing Brilliance, Sun and Moon Shifting (4)

Ning Yan, who was standing in the air, felt a little awkward at this scene. However, it wasn't good for him to directly introduce himself, so he could only stand in the air and release his bloodline aura with all his might.

Gradually, his aura became denser and denser. The fluctuations of the imperial family's bloodline were vast and mighty, enveloping the surroundings.

It was also at this moment that the captain flew out and arrived behind Ning Yan, berating the blood armored army.

"Such audacity! Why aren't you greeting the twelfth prince?!"

As soon as the captain spoke, the surrounding people were even more shocked. Ning Yan also heaved a sigh of relief in his heart. He maintained a solemn expression and calmly looked at the army in front of him.

"I'm Guyue Ning Yan, the twelfth son of the Human Emperor. You should know my name."

As soon as Ning Yan mentioned his name, the expressions of the blood-armored army changed, especially the Nihility experts. Their hearts stirred as they recalled that among the princes of the Human Emperor, one of them rarely appeared in front of others after his biological mother died. It was the twelfth prince.

The bloodline fluctuations on the other party's body couldn't be faked. Most importantly, the phantom of the giant lizard formed by their army also lowered its head to the golden dragon.

All of this was enough to prove the authenticity of Ning Yan's words.

Hence, after some hesitation, everyone lowered their heads and greeted Ning Yan.

"Greetings, Twelfth Prince!"

The people from Fenghai County also felt their emotions churning. At this moment, they lowered their heads one after another and greeted him.

Marquis Yao was the same.



Looking at all of this, Ning Yan felt proud. He lifted his chin and almost forgot his position in Fenghai County. Fortunately, the captain coughed considerately behind him, causing Ning Yan to instantly sober up.

Ning Yan was frightened and hurriedly suppressed the pride in his heart. After adjusting his mentality, he swept his gaze across the army and calmly spoke.

"Fenghai County is autonomous. This is Father's order."

"You may have been misled, but this is still an offense. Seal yourselves. Wait until I report to Father Emperor, and then the decision will be made."

Ning Yan's voice rang out and the ten thousand soldiers fell silent. There was that astonishing blade cut earlier and the appearance of the prince now. No matter what, they had no choice but to obey.

At the same time, this also allowed them to heave a sigh of relief. They were already in an extreme dilemma and knew that they were in a mortal crisis. It was naturally the best choice to obey the imperial prince.

Hence, they didn't hesitate at all and sealed their cultivation levels, binding themselves here.

Regardless of whether they were the military governor's trusted aides or not, it wasn't important. What was important was that that sword slash… had utterly daunted them.

After doing this, Ning Yan secretly glanced at Xu Qing. When he noticed that Xu Qing was expressionless, he couldn't help but feel a little worried. Hence, he looked at the captain.

The captain hugged Ning Yan's neck, chuckled, and gestured that he did well.

Ning Yan then heaved a sigh of relief.

This was indeed the best result in the current situation. Soon, Marquis Yao arranged for the help of the Fenghai County cultivators and detained these ten thousand cultivators in the Prison Department.

He didn't torture them. After all, they were all humans.

The crisis in Fenghai County came to an end. Next, it was Marquis Yao who announced that Xu Qing would take over the county governor position and command the entire Fenghai County.

Because the current situation was unstable, there was no ceremony. In reality, with Xu Qing's foundation and reputation in Fenghai County, he didn't need any rituals.

He was the County Governor of Fenghai County.

Some cultivators from the sects and the people in Fenghai County, with the passing of these years, had somewhat forgotten what Xu Qing did back then and had doubts about Xu Qing taking up the position of County Governor with his cultivation base.

However, the blade cut that descended from the sky earlier shattered all doubts.

In fact, it even added endless mystery to Xu Qing. Also, the twelfth prince's attitude toward Xu Qing caused many associations to form in their minds.

Xu Qing didn't refuse. He understood the duty of the district governor and finally decided to shoulder this heavy responsibility.

After he entered the County Governor's residence, he issued a series of decrees that day.

 The first was for the entire district to prepare for war.

The second was that Taboo magic treasures were to be in an activated state.

Following that, several more decrees were issued, and the Sword Holders were activated to eliminate any rebellion in Fenghai County.

Xu Qing was prepared to face the Seventh Prince and King Tian Lan next.

As these decrees were spread, Fenghai County, which was originally in a daze, regained its vitality. People's hearts gathered towards Fenghai County once again.

The large bird, Qingqin, exited its secluded life. It circled above the capital city again that night and let out a high-pitched cry at the County Governor's residence.

Ga ga gah!































































1123 Wishing Eternal Happiness

Fenghai County's capital, the County Governor's residence.

This residence was located in the center of the capital city and its surroundings were heavily guarded. Not only were there Sword Holders and cultivators from the county capital guarding it, but it also had two forms.

What was usually visible in the city was only a part of it; another part was located in the void, formed by eight grand buildings, covering a vast area.

The County Governor's token could control its movement between the real and void.

At that moment, Xu Qing was standing in a pavilion in the County Governor's residence and observing a token in his hand.

This token had the word 'Fenghai' on one side and the picture of the mountains and rivers on the other. It was the County Governor Token of Fenghai County .

Xu Qing wasn't the only one in the pavilion. Marquis Yao and Old Master Seventh were also here. The two of them were playing chess while the captain obediently stood beside Old Master Seventh and stared at the chessboard, prepared to curry favor with his master at any time.

"I've already erased my mark on that token. You can fuse your divine sense into it and make it your exclusive item."

Marquis Yao picked up a chess piece and placed it down.

"Xu Qing is still young. Marquis Yao, don't be in a hurry to retire. Fenghai County still needs us." Old Master Seventh smiled and placed a piece.

The instant the chess piece landed, the captain's eyes lit up and he praised loudly.

"Good move, good move. Master is indeed amazing. I never thought of this step. Brilliant, brilliant, I've learned something new!"

Old Master Seventh glared and snorted, looking like he didn't like the flattery. However, his eyes were filled with smugness. Clearly, he was in a very good mood, unlike what his expression showed.



Marquis Yao was expressionless. He glanced at Chen Erniu and ignored him.

At that moment, when Xu Qing heard Marquis Yao's words, he was about to fuse his divine sense into the token. At the next instant, Old Master Seventh lifted his head and looked at the sky. Marquis Yao's expression also changed.

Xu Qing and the captain then looked into the distance. The clouds churned in the night sky and the figure of the large bird, Qingqin, was revealed in the sky. Its excited cackles echoed in all directions.

"This Qingqin… disappeared without a trace when Xu Qing left, but as soon as he returned, it immediately flew back."

Old Master Seventh pursed his lips. Xu Qing looked at Qingqin and a smile appeared on his face. He then cupped his fists and bowed to the sky, rainbow light spreading from his body.

When Qingqin, who was in the sky, saw this scene, it became even happier. It also released its vital light, its cries becoming increasingly loud and clear. In the end, it circled a few times above the city before disappearing in the clouds.

As Qingqin disappeared, the night in the city gradually quietened down. In the pavilion, Marquis Yao gently placed a piece down and calmly spoke.

"Erniu, what did you experience in the Moon Worship?"

When the captain heard this, he coughed.

"Marquis, what I experienced in the Moon Offering Region is a small matter. For example, I brought Little Qing to the Red Moon to take a look. I also casually summoned the son of a b*tch's fragmented-face and made It open Its eyes. It then looked at that old hag, Crimson Goddess, and killed Her."

"Also, I caught up with my ex-wife and made some good friends."

The captain said some earth-shattering things in a relaxed tone.

When Old Master Seventh heard this, his eyes narrowed but he didn't speak.

When Marquis Yao heard this, his eyelids clearly twitched a few times. After a long silence, he pretended to be calm and spoke.

"The god of the Black Heaven Race, Crimson Goddess… Can She revive?"

The captain patted his chest.

"Impossible, She has been completely destroyed. From now on, there will be no more Crimson Goddess among the gods!"

Marquis Yao lifted his head and cast a deep glance at Chen Erniu before looking at Xu Qing.

Xu Qing sensed it and nodded.

"Crimson Goddess is indeed dead."

Marquis Yao's hand that was holding the chess piece trembled slightly. When he heard Erniu's words, he had reservations about their authenticity. However, it was different when Xu Qing said it.

 At that moment, he couldn't suppress the surging waves in his heart. He didn't know how Xu Qing and Chen Erniu did this almost impossible thing, so he didn't ask further.

Everyone had their own secrets. It wasn't a good thing to probe too much.

In fact, he more or less had an answer. Regardless of whether it was Jicang's name or Xu Qing calling ninth grandfather on the battlefield earlier, they all made his imagination run wild.

At that moment, he took a deep breath and tried his best to maintain his composure as he stood up.

"It is getting late. I won't disturb your reunion."

With that, Marquis Yao turned and slowly walked into the distance, disappearing from the County Governor's residence and returning to his Yao residence.

He turned his head and looked in the direction of the County Governor's residence.

"To be able to raise such disciples, how can the master be an ordinary person? These master and disciples aren't simple. To Fenghai County, this is a good thing."

Marquis Yao recalled what he had just heard about the Moon Offering and his heart was filled with endless waves.

"I can't tell what went on, but there must have been someone behind the scenes, manipulating the situation in secret; otherwise, it wouldn't have proceeded so smoothly."

In the pavilion, only Old Master Seventh, Xu Qing, and Erniu were left.

With no outsiders around, Old Master Seventh's face instantly darkened as he glared at Erniu.

"Have you grown wings now? It's fine if you courted death, but you brought your junior brother along to court death?"

Xu Qing was about to speak up for the captain when Old Master Seventh interrupted him.

"Fourth, I know you have a kind heart, but what your Eldest Senior Brother did was too impulsive. The likes of Crimson Mother are not to be underestimated. With your current cultivation and no one to guide you, any small mistake could lead to complete destruction, without even a chance for rescue!"

Old Master Seventh's tone was stern. Xu Qing's heart trembled and he didn't dare to speak up for the captain. However, he more or less had a feeling that his master was worried about him and Eldest Senior Brother. He also felt like… his master was a little unhappy that he wasn't called out this time.

Erniu's body trembled and he knew that the situation wasn't good. Hence, he knelt down with a plop with a fawning expression.

"Master, I missed you."

Old Master Seventh snorted.

Seeing this, Erniu blinked and his eyes turned red as he spoke in a low voice.

"Master, Junior Brother and I actually have another motive for doing this. It was to prepare a birthday gift for you, Master. That's why we didn't invite you along. How can we prepare a gift for the birthday star and still have the birthday star do it himself?"

As he spoke, the captain quickly took out… two fleshy feathers.

He respectfully handed them over, fearing that Xu Qing might be straightforward, so he took the initiative to speak.

"Junior Brother and I obtained a total of four feathers. One for each of us. We are giving the remaining two to Master as a birthday gift."

"I wish Master longevity in advance and eternal happiness."

Old Master Seventh didn't even look at the two feathers. His gaze swept past Erniu. He was well aware of the conduct of his disciple and knew that these feathers were probably just a drop in the ocean.

Being stared at by his master, the captain coughed and hurriedly spoke.

"Master, there were outsiders around previously, so I didn't explain in detail. Junior Brother and I did many great things in the Moon Offering Region. Most importantly, every time we did something great, we promoted Master's divine might!"

"Hmm," said Old Master Seventh.

The captain sensed that his master's tone had softened and continued to speak.

"First, we publicized that it was Master who had made a move and made Crimson Goddess fall into a deep slumber. Then, we used Master as a banner to revive the ruler's heir and his siblings."

"We told them that our master is invincible. First, you made it impossible for Crimson Goddess to wake up immediately. After that, you arranged for us to come here and summon them, all for the sake of destroying Crimson Goddess."

"Master, although you were not there, your name was the greatest protection for us."

"Little Qing, am I right or not?"

When Xu Qing heard this, he hurriedly nodded and spoke seriously.

"Master, before we came back, the heir asked me to send you a letter."

As he spoke, Xu Qing took out a golden jade slip from his storage bag and respectfully handed it to Old Master Seventh.

The heir had given this to them before they left. On the way, the two of them had tried to look at the contents. Ordinary methods couldn't check it. If they used other methods, although they would be able to read the contents, the jade slip would be shattered.

Old Master Seventh calmly received it.

This jade slip that Xu Qing and the captain couldn't open with normal methods actually opened very casually in Old Master Seventh's hands. As he checked, Old Master Seventh's expression was a little surprised. After that, it softened a lot and there was even a hint of pride on his face.

Noticing this, Xu Qing and the captain heaved a sigh of relief.

The captain got up and stood at the side as he talked in a low voice.

"Master, in the end, Little Qing and I unified the Moon Offering Region and even awakened the ruler, Li Zihua. I even invited a high god. Little Qing was also quite amazing; he seduced a high god and invited Her."

Xu Qing glanced at the captain but remained quiet.

The captain blinked and talked again.

"In the end, the Li Zihua of the past walked into the present and sacrificed himself to make the fragmented-face open Its eyes."

"Red Moon became a Divine World and disappeared from Wanggu!"

"Master, I think the reason why this matter proceeded smoothly was because of Li Zihua… This matter looks like we planned and implemented it, but every step we took, there were traces of Li Zihua. I made a deal with him in the past, and even at that time, I had a similar feeling. He seemed to have… been waiting for me."

The captain's expression was solemn.

This was also the first time Xu Qing had heard the captain mention this. He fell into deep thought.

Old Master Seventh's expression was calm. He put down the jade slip in his hand and didn't continue asking. Instead, he picked up the two feathers. After that, he glanced at Erniu and made a grabbing motion.

Immediately, Erniu's body trembled and a blue scepter flew out from his forehead, landing in Old Master Seventh's hand.

After that, Old Master Seventh's gaze landed on Xu Qing and similarly made a grabbing motion. At the next moment, the fish bone where the Diamond Sect's ancestor was instantly flew out and appeared in Old Master Seventh's hand.

"I'll help you fuse these feathers into your magic weapons. It can increase their level and the artifact spirit/ will also benefit greatly."

After doing this, Old Master Seventh stood up.

"Alright, I'll go back first. The two of you, recall that if such a thing happens again in the future, you have to be careful and not be rash!"

Old Master Seventh snorted and turned to walk into the void, disappearing.

When he appeared, he was already in the Deputy Governor's residence.

The entire Deputy Governor's residence was empty and quiet. Only Old Master Seventh stood there with his hands behind his back and gazed up at the sky.

After a long time, a gust of wind blew over, blowing his hair and the corner of his shirt. It handed off the feeling that he was about to leave with the wind.

Old Master Seventh's expression slowly became complicated. What he gazed at didn't seem to be the sky of this Wanggu Continent but the endless starry sky beyond the sky.

"Li Zihua succeeded…"

Old Master Seventh muttered.































































1124 Encounter Beneath the Moonlight

The wind blew in the dark night.

It caressed the ground and landed on the buildings in the county's capital city. As it swam, it emitted a whistling sound, stirring up dust that swept past the corner of Old Master Seventh's clothes until it spread to the pavilion of the County Governor's residence.

It lifted Xu Qing's hair.

Xu Qing looked at the night sky and his heart was calm.

This calmness was something the Moon Offering Region couldn't give him. To Xu Qing, what he had experienced in Fenghai County had long made him treat this place as half his hometown.

That feeling of returning home caused Xu Qing's mind to be calm. However, there would always be some voices that wanted to fuse into his peace.

"Little Qing, what do you think is written in the jade slip the heir gave to the old man?"

The captain stood beside Xu Qing with a pondering expression.

"Just now, I noticed that after the old man saw the jade slip, the smile on his face bloomed like an old chrysanthemum…"

When Xu Qing heard this, he couldn't help but cough and instinctively swept his gaze around.

The captain smugly waved his hand.

"There's no need to check, the old man isn't here."

"I reckon that the content in the jade slip must be the heir expressing his admiration for the old man. According to my understanding of the old man, he must be feeling extremely pleased about this."

"Too tacky, too tacky!"

The captain shook his head, wearing a look of disapproval.



Xu Qing remained silent, feeling that it was best not to make any comments on this matter. What if… their master was still around or he could hear them…

The captain clearly didn't think so. He lowered his voice and was about to continue expressing his opinion when a familiar fragrance to Xu Qing blew over from outside the pavilion.

Accompanied by the fragrance, a slender and delicate figure appeared outside the pavilion. She walked over leisurely.

Draped in a pristine white gown, flawless and pure, her black hair danced with the wind, and her phoenix-like eyebrows added to her charm.

Her expressive eyes held a tender gaze, her delicate nose and lightly flushed cheeks radiated loveliness, and her oval face exuded absolute beauty.

As she drew near in the moonlight, her skin seemed as delicate as frosty snow, captivating anyone who beheld it, making it hard to break free from the enchantment.

Other than Old Master Seventh and Marquis Yao, the only one who could enter and exit the County Governor's residence on their own without needing to report was Zi Xuan.

Zi Xuan's arrival seemed to light up the pavilion as well. It was as though all the moonlight was unconsciously attracted by her at this moment and permeated her side.

Xu Qing's heartbeat instinctively sped up.

The captain blinked. The figures of Ling'er and the clay fox appeared in his mind and he began to compare them.

'Ling'er is innocent, the fox is alluring, and Zi Xuan has her own charm… Who else? Oh, right, there's the perverted Yanyan, and Ding Xue who is determined to win over Little Qing, not to mention Qing Qiu.'

At the thought of this, the captain sighed with emotion, realizing that each of these women possessed their own unique qualities.

Hence, he couldn't help but feel a little sour.

'However, speaking of which, Little Qing is quite pitiful. Being stared at by so many shrews, he must be anxious and exhausted from dealing with them. If he's not careful, he'll be killed!'

'Unlike me, so carefree, unconstrained, able to enjoy the freedom of the wind, soaring freely between heaven and earth. From the mortal realm below to the divine above, there isn't anyone who can bind this wild bull!'

'I will forever belong to freedom!'

The captain was proud and felt a sense of clarity. Right now, his thoughts were like those of a sage.

Hence, he coughed. The more he thought about it, the more he felt that the height of his thoughts far exceeded that of ordinary people. He was also certain that his thoughts contained supreme truth.

Subsequently, with a calm and unruffled inner state, he looked down at Xu Qing with a sense of inner superiority.

 That gaze was filled with sympathy and contained what he thought was life wisdom. He was about to tell Xu Qing about his comprehension.

However, at this moment, Zi Xuan's voice rang out.

"Erniu, Li Shitao is calling you over."

As soon as Zi Xuan spoke, the captain's eyes widened instantly, and at that moment, he seemed to bloom like a chrysanthemum, unable to control the ripples of emotion that surged within him.

His eyes were bright and his breathing became slightly hurried.

'It's the middle of the night and my Taotao called me over?'

The captain licked his lips in excitement.

At this moment, what sage, what comprehension, what freedom? All of them were no longer important.

He instantly rushed out anxiously, tossing Xu Qing to the back of his mind.

To him, no matter how fun other people's business was, it was inferior to his Taotao.

As he quickly left, he even took out a peach and nibbled on it, shouting inwardly.

'Taotao, wait for me.'

Amidst the waves in his heart, the captain's figure rapidly left.

Looking at the captain's departing view, Xu Qing didn't know what to say and wasn't in the mood to pay too much attention. At that moment, his speeding heartbeat became increasingly intense as Zi Xuan got closer step by step.

Although Xu Qing had grown up… when facing Zi Xuan, he was still the same as back then. He was nervous and instinctively retreated.

When he retreated to the edge and couldn't retreat anymore, Xu Qing could only brace himself and cup his fists toward Zi Xuan.

"Greetings, Fairy."

Zi Xuan laughed and didn't speak. She walked in front of Xu Qing and stopped very close to him… When she stood there, a fresh fragrance quietly spread throughout the entire pavilion and spread to Xu Qing's heart. Even the wind couldn't disperse it.

Only the eyes staring at him became eternal.

Under this gaze, Xu Qing's mind was a little blank and he felt helpless.

He had never encountered such a thing when he was with Ling'er. However, for some reason, it was always the same when facing Zi Xuan.

"Turn your back."

Zi Xuan spoke softly.

Xu Qing silently turned his back to Zi Xuan.

Zi Xuan's smile was gentle, and with a slight lift of her jade-like hand, she picked up Xu Qing's long hair. With a graceful gesture, she produced a hairband and tied it up, creating a ponytail hairstyle. She then tidied it up for him.

Xu Qing felt a little uncomfortable. However, if there were others here at that moment, they would definitely be stunned when they saw Xu Qing who had changed his hairstyle. Such a hairstyle made Xu Qing's handsome face even more prominent, adding a hint of unruliness.

"Now, it looks good."

Zi Xuan's voice became even gentler. She walked over and stood beside Xu Qing, looking at the distant night sky with him.

The moonlight scattered down, stretching their shadows on the ground.

The night was beautiful.

The pavilion was filled with peace.

Zi Xuan's gentle voice asked Xu Qing about the events in the Moon Offering Region.

Amidst this gentle voice, Xu Qing's heart slowly calmed down as he recounted the past.

Zi Xuan listened attentively. From time to time, she would turn her beautiful eyes and look at Xu Qing. It was as though there were no distractions in her eyes.

Time flowed by and the two of them seemed to have returned to the time when they were traveling together.

This feeling gradually caused Xu Qing to feel a sense of comfort.

When the night deepened and Xu Qing finished telling her about the Moon Offering Region, Zi Xuan also told him about her experiences in Fenghai County in the past few years.

"In the past few years, my main focus has been on the Qing Xuan Sect, while Fenghai County was managed by your master and Marquis Yao. Everything was recovering. If it wasn't for the arrival of King Tian Lan, you would have seen a thriving scene when you returned this time."

"As for our Qing Xuan Sect, it has already gotten a foothold. Currently, it is quite famous in Fenghai County."

"Also, your master and Marquis Yao opened the Immortal Forbidden Land to be developed again. Because there is no Immortal Forbidden god anymore, a lot of the anomalous substances inside have dissipated. Some books and artifacts were still there, which has increased the power of Fenghai County by a lot."

"I also went to the Immortal Forbidden a few times."

At this point, Zi Xuan stared at Xu Qing. The night wind blew a few strands of her black hair up and brushed past Xu Qing's face. Xu Qing's heart stirred uncontrollably.

"There's a ruin there. It's very special…"

"I can faintly sense that it's summoning me."

A hint of confusion appeared in Zi Xuan's eyes. She had buried this question in her heart for a long time and didn't tell anyone. Only today, when she faced Xu Qing, did she speak.

"Xu Qing, do you remember what I told you about the dreams I often have?"

Zi Xuan's voice was very low.

"The feeling that those ruins give me is somewhat similar to my dreams in the past. I seem to have been to those ruins a long, long time ago."

"I'm not sure…"

"Unfortunately, that place is only ruins."

Looking at Zi Xuan's confused expression, Xu Qing recalled Zi Xuan's dream, and carefully recalled the Immortal Forbidden Land. However, there was a limit to the places he went there back then, so he didn't know what place Zi Xuan was talking about.

There were many ruins in the Immortal Forbidden Land.

However, he remembered the strange phoenix hall where he had discovered the Bottle of Time. Although in his memory, that place had nothing to do with Zi Xuan, he recalled that the moment he placed the Bottle of Time in the 12th Heavenly Palace, he didn't know if it was an illusion but he seemed to have heard Zi Xuan's sigh.

Hence, his heart stirred. Just as Xu Qing was about to ask, Zi Xuan's voice rang out again.

"However, I found traces of you in those ruins."

When Xu Qing heard this, his eyes narrowed as he slowly spoke.

"There aren't many places I've gone to in the Immortal Forbidden Land, but there's a location that will become clear when we get close until it becomes the nine phoenix halls. If we stay far away, it will turn into ruins."

"I lost my memories for three days there and obtained a time bottle."

"After that, that hall seemed to have really turned into ruins."

"If you found traces of me, then it's very likely that the ruins you mentioned are in the same location as the place I mentioned."

As Xu Qing spoke, Xu Qing waved his hand and the divine repository behind him appeared. As it fluctuated in all directions, the time bottle that had fused into it slowly flew out and floated in front of Zi Xuan.

There was a sense of time permeating it, causing one to be unable to help but be attracted by it. Its body also shone and fused with the moonlight, emitting a colorful aura.

It was reflected on Zi Xuan's pretty face, causing her eyes to be clear and bright. Her long eyelashes trembled slightly as Zi Xuan stared at it. The waves in her heart seeped out of her fair and flawless skin and turned into a faint red flush. Her thin lips gazed as delicate as rose petals.

A lengthy time later, Zi Xuan let out a light breath. She retracted her gaze from the Time Bottle and gazed into Xu Qing's eyes.

"Shall we make a trip?"































































1125 Pushing the Door Together, Hearts Aligned

The Immortal Forbidden Land in the depths of the Prison Department was originally one of the main palaces of the Ancient Sovereign Mystic Nether which were spread over the Wanggu Continent. In the past, every place was a holy palace.

Only the imperial family could stay there.

There was only this one place in the entire Holy Wave Large Region.

However, with the arrival of the god's fragmented-face and the departure of the Ancient Sovereign Mystic Nether, that place had been occupied by the fishbone god. Hence, the Imperial Immortal Palace became Immortal Forbidden.

The many treasures inside were also corroded by the anomalous substances.

It was very difficult for mortals and even cultivators to step into it. Even the Human Sovereign of the Eastern Triumph era wasn't willing to start a war with the god for this immortal palace.

It was only a few years ago when the Human Emperor ordered the activation of the Immortal Forbidden that Crimson Goddess awakened in Zhang Siyun and devoured the Immortal Forbidden god that this place was controlled by the human race again.

After Fenghai County became autonomous, it naturally pioneered its development. Although most of the treasures had been emptied by the Seventh Prince, even the remaining ones were extremely valuable to Fenghai County.

At that moment, at the lowest level of the Prison Department, on the catacombs where the sealing array formation was once located, Xu Qing and Zi Xuan's figures slowly appeared.

Regarding Zi Xuan's request, it was impossible for Xu Qing to refuse. This was especially so since he also wanted to know why that sigh would echo after he obtained the Time Bottle.

That sigh seemed like an illusion but when Xu Qing recalled it now, he felt that it might have really existed.

Most importantly, back then, he had lost three days of his memories there.

In fact, when he recalled it now, he wasn't clear about the phoenix hall. Only the Time Bottle was the most eye-catching.

This feeling caused Xu Qing to have many thoughts.



After experiencing many things in the Moon Offering Region, especially after comprehending the domain of forgetfulness, he had a greater understanding of memories.

'When I was there, I probably saw some scenes that I couldn't endure, so I couldn't remember them.'

He had also told these to Zi Xuan on the way. Hence, after arriving here, the two of them didn't hesitate at all. They immediately stepped into the seal and their figures instantly landed inside. A vast underground palace was reflected in their eyes as the two of them descended.

This place was a little different from what Xu Qing had seen when he arrived back then.

Back then, this place was filled with anomalous substances that were as dense as fog. Everything was blurry and distorted, and the ground was covered in flesh and blood.

However, 90% of the anomalous substances here had dissipated now, and the ground was no longer covered in flesh and blood, revealing the true appearance of the ruins.

As far as the eye could see, there were very few complete buildings. Most of them had collapsed.

The ancient feeling and traces of the passage of time were especially obvious here.

There were also huge pillars standing on the ground, emitting light that illuminated everything.

Perhaps it was because she had come here many times, Zi Xuan was familiar with this place. At that moment, she stood in the air and took a deep breath. Her body swayed and she headed straight down.

Xu Qing followed behind.

The two of them moved at a very fast speed.

Not long later, a collapsed ruin appeared in front of Xu Qing and Zi Xuan.

"This is the place."

Zi Xuan came to a halt and spoke softly.

Xu Qing's heart also stirred. The place he obtained the Time Bottle was here. Hence, after staring at it, Xu Qing didn't speak and walked forward.

Step by step, he arrived in front of the ruins.

The strange changes that happened here back then didn't happen.

'After I took the Time Bottle away, the changes in this place dissipated as well. It's not that it will become clear when I get close, but it has truly become ruins.'

Xu Qing mumbled inwardly. As he walked through the ruins, he looked at the dilapidated walls in his surroundings. Some were unfamiliar, and some were familiar.

 However, there was unfamiliarity in the familiarity.

All of this caused the feeling of Xu Qing's memories being changed to gradually intensify.

This lasted until he arrived at the place in his memory where he had asked the head and stone lion to retrieve the Time Bottle.

Here, Xu Qing turned his head and glanced at Zi Xuan behind him.

Zi Xuan stood not far away. Her clothes were whiter than snow and her face was beautiful and cold. Her eyes were like cold smoke enveloping the deep pool of black jade, revealing a deep sense of confusion.

Vaguely, a sense of loneliness seemed to slowly rise from her body.

This feeling caused waves in Xu Qing's heart.

A long time later, he suddenly spoke.

"Zi Xuan."

This time, he didn't call her 'Fairy'.

Zi Xuan gently turned her head and looked at Xu Qing.

"I obtained the Time Bottle from this location. I don't know what will happen if I put it down again. My memories have been affected before. Are you… sure you want to pursue the source of familiarity?"

"Is it possible that the reason why you were only familiar with it in the dream was because you chose to forget everything in the past?"

Xu Qing's words caused Zi Xuan to fall silent.

After a while, she raised her hand, brushing aside the strands of hair near her ears. Her eyes, as blue as a tranquil lake, focused on Xu Qing's face as she spoke softly.

"The dream has troubled me for many years. I want to know… what connection that lantern has with me."

Xu Qing closed his eyes. After a while, the divine repository behind him rumbled and the Time Bottle flew out again. It floated in front of him and slowly landed.

The moment it touched the ground, the Time Bottle suddenly trembled and erupted with endless splendor, completely illuminating this ruin. At the next instant, this place became blurry and everything changed.

Many phoenix halls rose from the ground, accompanied by a circle of vermilion high walls. This ruin transformed into a courtyard. There was also a phoenix hall that was much larger than the other halls. It was formed in the center and stood in the courtyard.

All nine phoenix halls appeared.

Xu Qing looked at these and felt a tearing pain in his mind. It was as though a memory was reviving in his sea of consciousness with the scene in front of him.

As for Zi Xuan, her body was trembling. She looked at the phoenix halls and everything in the surroundings, and her heart stirred intensely.

"I've been here before…"

"In the dream, I appeared here…"

Zi Xuan's breathing was hurried. As she muttered, she instinctively walked forward. After passing by many halls, she stopped in front of the phoenix hall in the middle and turned her head to look at Xu Qing.

"I… think I used to live here."

Zi Xuan's voice was also trembling. The greatest secret of her life was the pitch-black dreams that kept appearing.

This made her instinctively want to search for light, for warmth that could dispel this darkness.

Today, the reason for all of this seemed to be right in front of her. However, for some reason, sadness rose in her heart.

That sorrow grew denser and denser until it finally transformed into loneliness that drowned it.

When Xu Qing heard this, his soul also fluctuated endlessly. His gaze followed Zi Xuan and looked at the main hall. At the next instant, it was as though lightning flashed in his mind, resurfacing an erased memory scene.

That was a flash of memory from the three days he had lost here.

On the scene, Xu Qing saw that he had pushed open this main hall before.

However, his recollection of what was inside was blank.

Xu Qing fell silent. Looking at Zi Xuan's trembling appearance, he couldn't bear it. Usually, the Zi Xuan in his eyes would always be flirtatious, confident, and peerless.

She would always be the one taking the initiative. It was as though the word 'fragile' would never appear on her.

However, today, he saw another side of Zi Xuan.

She was like a little girl. As she trembled, nervousness, trepidation, sadness, and deep loneliness spread from her.

Xu Qing silently walked to Zi Xuan's side and reached out to hold her cold and soft hand.

He used his warmth to melt the coldness of Zi Xuan's hand.

Zi Xuan instinctively turned her head. Her eyes were filled with tears as she tightly grabbed Xu Qing's hand. It was like the instinct of a drowning person in the face of life and death. Even when her hands turned white, she didn't let go at all.

A moment later, she took a deep breath and forced a smile at Xu Qing.

"I lost my composure."

Xu Qing shook his head but didn't let go.

Zi Xuan closed her eyes. A few breaths later, when she opened them again, she put away all her weakness and revealed determination in her eyes. She was about to push open the door of the main hall in front of her.

Xu Qing lifted his other hand and pressed it on the door with her.

"I'll accompany you."

Zi Xuan's soul trembled as she looked at Xu Qing.

Xu Qing also looked at her.

After a long time, the two of them exerted force at the same time. As the creaking sound echoed, the door of the phoenix hall in front of them slowly opened.

A pitch-black darkness spread out from the door like ink, enveloping the two of them.

At the same time, the Holy Wave Large Region, the former imperial capital of the Heavenly Wind Dynasty, now belonged to the Seventh Prince.

He had opened a residence here and had many subordinates.

Other than his own followers, his maternal clan had also arranged numerous aides to assist him. Moreover, with the divine might of King Tian Lan, he was unquestionably dominant.

It wasn't much different from a fief.

Even the Grand Duke Holy Wave avoided King Tian Lan. Although he wouldn't submit, they were harmonious with each other.

Hence, to the Seventh Prince, the only thorn in his soul at this instant was Fenghai County.

Originally, he wouldn't care about a mere county. However, Fenghai was different.

There, he experienced the first setback in his life.

Over there, he remembered a person called Xu Qing.

Hence, he paid special attention to Fenghai County during the conscription. Everything was going very well. According to his thoughts, Fenghai County was slowly being divided and invaded.

Under the momentum of the Black Heaven Race's war, Fenghai County's final direction was either to submit or be suppressed.

Hence, he was both surprised and not surprised that he had lost contact with the army that had gone to Fenghai County.

Because the news had been completely sealed, he didn't understand the details of the loss of contact with the army. This surprised him but he could also sense that even now, Fenghai County still had a considerable foundation.

As for what he wasn't surprised about, it was Fenghai County's choice. It was within his expectations.

Hence, after receiving the news that the army had lost contact, the Seventh Prince's eyes revealed coldness. As he arranged for his subordinates to report this matter to King Tian Lan, he looked outside the hall.

There were two people dressed like scholars waiting for an audience.

One of them was the original Eight Sects Alliance's alliance leader.

"Chen Yangzi!"

The Seventh Prince calmly spoke.

When the alliance leader outside the hall heard this, he immediately bent his waist and walked in. In the main hall, he respectfully bowed and cupped his fists.

"Subordinate is here!"

The Seventh Prince played with the jade token in his hand and casually said.

"Go to Fenghai County to get the vessel you mentioned last time. I want to see if it's really as profound as you said."

When the alliance leader heard this, he felt a little reluctant. However, he quickly understood and calmly bowed.

"I obey the order!"































































1126 Extending Palm Towards the Sun

The alliance leader bowed and respectfully left.

He could sense that the Seventh Prince, who was sitting at a high seat in the main hall, had his gaze on him the entire time.

Therefore, he made no attempt to conceal his emotions, whether it was reluctance, resignation, or ultimately, a composed demeanor—all were fully revealed.

It was only after he left the main hall and walked far away that he stood up straight again and walked toward his residence in the capital with a smile.

When he encountered familiar colleagues on the way, he would greet them gently.

He didn't show any arrogance because of his second stage Nihility cultivation.

From the start to the end, his expression was gentle and refined. When he returned to his residence, he lit an incense and sat there to take out a chessboard, playing it alone.

However, upon closer inspection, past the smoke, there was a hint of innate coldness in the depths of his eyes.

It was like a venomous snake hiding in the stomach of a lamb!

"On the first day I came here, I mentioned the matter of the vessel to the seventh highness. However, at that time, he didn't care… Today, he suddenly summoned me over and raised this matter again…"

A gentle smile appeared at the corner of his mouth. This was his instinct. Every time he thought about a problem, he would have a smile on his face.

"The military governor took ten thousand soldiers and Soaring Cloud to Fenghai County… We lost contact with them."

"At this moment, the seventh highness asked me to get the vessel…"

The smile on the alliance leader's face became gentler, and the coldness hidden in the depths of his eyes hid itself even deeper.

He was well aware that Seventh Prince wasn't a simple person. Despite his young age, being born into the imperial family had exposed him to a world of political intrigue, making him naturally astute and shrewd.



Hence, one could never look at the surface of things.

"On the surface, he asked me to get the vessel but he's actually using me as a chess piece. He wants to use me to probe the true situation in Fenghai County so that he can analyze the true reason why the army lost contact."

"He can advance or retreat at will, and can casually push the blame away if something happens to me."

The alliance leader smiled and picked up a chess piece. Even though he hadn't placed it on the board, two pieces manifested on the chessboard.

This scene looked simple, but if a Nihility expert were present, his emotions would definitely be stirred. In this seemingly straightforward movement, there was an almost perfect application and elevation of the laws, surpassing the stage of Illusory and Truth Myriad Transformations.

The Nihility Realm contained the Shattering Thousand Dao, Illusory and Truth Myriad Transformations, Infinite Imagination, and Myriad Laws Returning to One.

"I like the number three."

The alliance leader chuckled lightly.

At the same time, in the Immortal Forbidden Land of Fenghai County, in front of the phoenix hall.

As the door opened, the darkness devoured everything. Not only were Xu Qing and Zi Xuan's figures affected, but their minds also fused into one with the spreading black color.

A scene, whether real or illusory, unfolded before their eyes.

The main hall was silent and empty, as cold as a dungeon.

Only a statue stood in the center, as though it was sealed in a cage.

This statue was of a middle-aged woman. She looked similar to Zi Xuan but clearly wasn't. Her appearance exuded grace, her expression wore a gentle smile, and her eyes radiated compassion. Around the corners of her eyes, there were some wrinkles resembling fish tails, adding a distinct clarity to her countenance.

She lowered her head slightly and looked at her hands.

There was a lantern there.

It was like the most precious treasure in her life.

This lantern was made of purple stone and looked like a blooming redbud flower. On it rested a purple phoenix. Its wings were spread out and it was lifelike.

The instant he saw this lantern, the tearing feeling in Xu Qing's mind intensified. The lost memories surfaced one after another.

 He turned and looked at Zi Xuan. He remembered that when he entered this place back then, he had seen some scenes about Zi Xuan. He had seen a woman who looked exactly like Zi Xuan appear under the statue, the door had opened and a man walked in.

He also remembered the conversation in the scene. That man… seemed to be the son of the Ancient Sovereign Mystic Nether!

Everything appeared in Xu Qing's mind, transforming into thunder that rumbled in his mind.

At that moment, Zi Xuan was trembling. She looked at the statue with a sad expression and let go of Xu Qing's hand. She subconsciously walked toward the statue and muttered.

"My dream is a pitch-black world with a lantern."

"It's extinguished. I imagine it should be a blooming redbud with a purple phoenix perched on it."

"This lantern has always appeared in my dream, a dream without light."

"The world in the dream is here."

Zi Xuan's voice took on an ethereal tone in this silent hall. It seemed to have come from time and echoed in this life.

As she walked over, the moment she stood under the statue, the blurry figure that looked exactly the same as Zi Xuan in Xu Qing's memory appeared.

However, the illusory body that appeared this time actually overlapped with Zi Xuan, who was standing there.

She looked at the statue with admiration and bitterness in her eyes.

After that, the scene in Xu Qing's memory appeared in front of him again. The imperial prince's figure pierced through his body from behind and stood in front of Zi Xuan.

The imperial robe adorned with a four-clawed golden dragon, and the swaying nine-bead emperor's crown, emitted a thick heavenly might around the prince.

The prince seemed to have uttered something but Xu Qing couldn't hear him.

He could only see Zi Xuan looking outside, her eyes filled with deep nostalgia and sorrow.

However, this time around, it was a little different from what he remembered.

He heard Zi Xuan's voice.

"I won't leave!"

"Father's decision was wrong. He abandoned his people, abandoned his homeland, and turned the sky above the sky into a holy land. What's the point of living there alone?!"

"In order to survive, he ignored the Wanggu calamity. This ancient sovereign… he's not worthy!"

Zi Xuan looked to be in pain.

When Xu Qing heard these words, his heart stirred.

As for the figure in the imperial robe, he fell silent. After a long time, he stretched out his hand, as though he was trying to make one last effort.

Zi Xuan's eyes showed determination as she shook her head once again.

Finally, the prince's expression turned desolate. He took out a small purple bottle and poured a few drops of liquid from the bottle into the lantern in the statue's hand.

After doing this, he placed the small bottle to the side and silently turned around. His expression was filled with sorrow and a hint of pain.

He walked toward the door of the main hall and passed through Xu Qing, walking further and further away…

As he disappeared, the door of the hall slowly closed.

The entire hall was silent.

Only the fire of the lantern continued to burn, emitting a soft sound. As the flames swayed, the light illuminated the main hall.

Amidst the flames, Zi Xuan's expression was sorrowful. She leaned against the statue and squatted down, crying silently.

The scenes in Xu Qing's memories ended here.

However, this time, it wasn't the end.

Time seemed to have lost all value in this hall. It flowed silently until miserable wails and painful roars rang out from outside.

Blood light spread out.

Cries for help rang out faintly.

As for Zi Xuan, she stood up again and a set of armor appeared on her body. She pierced through Xu Qing's body step by step and walked out of the main hall.

Xu Qing couldn't move and could only watch silently.

After an unknown period of time, the sounds outside slowly disappeared. Zi Xuan's figure returned to the main hall with fatigue and weakness.

Her armor had mostly shattered and her body was covered in injuries. However, she was holding a fish head in her hand.

The moment he saw this head, Xu Qing immediately recognized that it was the head of the Immortal Forbidden god.

With this head in hand, Zi Xuan's figure slowly walked in front of the statue. As she stared at the statue, a hint of gentleness appeared on her pale face.

"Mother, I can only kill that foreign god once. After a few years, It will revive here."

"However, the revived It will no longer possess the high god status. Also, I used the spell you taught me, Mother. In the future, It will die by the hands of Its own kind."

"Unfortunately… I can't see it anymore."

Zi Xuan uttered softly. She wanted to pick up the purple bottle and add some oil to the oil lantern, but she was powerless. In the end, she could only lean against the statue and sit down, slowly closing her eyes.

Her soul flew and scattered.

That lantern was still burning but there was no oil added to it. As time passed, its fire gradually dimmed until it completely extinguished.

The entire hall fell into darkness.

The coldness also descended as the fire disappeared and the outside world fell silent.

Darkness devoured everything.

Time flowed by and years passed. After countless years, the Immortal Forbidden Land suddenly trembled. A sense of revival rose and the roar of a god echoed.

Flesh and blood appeared in the Immortal Forbidden, covering the ground and drowning the halls, including this place.

Another long period passed.

On this day, in this pitch-black hall, a purple circle suddenly appeared in front of the statue. It appeared out of thin air and the instant it appeared, it immediately caused the entire Immortal Forbidden Land to rumble.

A furious roar echoed and a terrifying divine sense erupted from the depths of the Immortal Forbidden, rapidly gathering here.

The instant this divine sense swept over, a hand stretched out from the purple circle and grabbed the extinguished lantern, pulling it into the circle.

This palm appeared to want to grab the purple bottle, but it was too late. Hence, it decisively left. However, it was still a little too late. The divine sense of the Immortal Forbidden god came over with an overwhelming force and ruthlessly collided with the purple circle, colliding with the hand.

The circle collapsed, turning into countless pieces that fused into the endless void.

The palm trembled. Although it still left, the wick of the lantern in its hand fell off and disappeared into nothingness.

Everything was over.

At this moment, the scene disappeared from Xu Qing's vision.

The main hall and the statue also disappeared.

This place turned into ruins again.

It was similar to a dream.

When he woke up from the dream, everything was gone. Only Zi Xuan stood on the ruins similar to a proud winter plum in a quiet valley. Regardless of whether there was anyone watching her, she felt like she was alone in an vacant field.

She looked at the sky with a lonely expression.

After a long time, she spoke softly.

"Let's go back."

Xu Qing silently walked over and walked out with Zi Xuan. They didn't speak on the way until they left the Immortal Forbidden Land.

When they arrived, it was nighttime. Who knew how many days had passed, but it was day time when they walked out.

The sky was clear and the sun was shining brightly.

Looking at the dreary Zi Xuan in front of him, Xu Qing suddenly shouted.

Zi Xuan turned her head and stared at Xu Qing.

Xu Qing didn't say anything and only asked her to extend her palm.

Under the sunlight, Zi Xuan's palms were distinct, with lines resembling the twists and turns of fate.

"What do you have in your palm?"

Xu Qing asked.

Zi Xuan didn't understand and shook her head.

Xu Qing looked into Zi Xuan's eyes and spoke softly.

"There's sunlight in your palm."

Zi Xuan's eyelashes trembled slightly as she looked at her palm. After a long time… she smiled.































































1127 From Past to Present

Spring brought a hundred flowers, autumn had the moon, summer had cool breeze, winter had snow.

This verse was originally an extremely good description of beauty, but at this moment, under the sunlight outside the Prison Department, it became ordinary. Only the smile of the beauty in the plain robe with dimples was the most beautiful scene in the world.

Zi Xuan couldn't help but laugh.

Her pretty face turned slightly red from this smile, like a blooming peony. A ball of gentle flames appeared in the depths of her eyes. After she cast a deep glance at Xu Qing, she slowly walked forward.

After taking seven to eight steps, Zi Xuan suddenly turned and stared at Xu Qing.

"Xu Qing, you've learned bad things."

Xu Qing remained silent, not knowing what to say.

Looking at Xu Qing's appearance, Zi Xuan's eyes that were as clear as blue waves were filled with warmth. The corners of her mouth gradually curled up like a perfect crescent moon. The emotions contained in them chased away all the gloom, causing her state of mind to become clear.

This change in her mind spread throughout her body, causing her elegant and lofty temperament to appear once again.

It was a beauty that made people feel ashamed and unworthy in its presence, a state of the soul blending calmness and agility, a charm that irresistibly drew people toward its captivating allure.

It was also the Fairy Zi Xuan in Xu Qing's memories.

"What are you still standing there for?"



Xu Qing's heartbeat suddenly sped up again. He instinctively lifted his feet and silently arrived beside Zi Xuan. Under Zi Xuan's smile, the two of them walked toward the city.

It was unknown if it was the breeze or the fluctuations of her mental state, but Zi Xuan's long black hair fluttered behind her beautiful figure. As she moved forward, a few strands intertwined with Xu Qing's ponytail and swayed together.

Amidst the wind, Zi Xuan's gentle voice swayed.

"Xu Qing, I don't remember my previous life. Even though I experienced the view before, I don't have many memories. Hence, I don't know if I was the daughter of the Ancient Sovereign Mystic Nether or the wick of that lantern."

"If I have a choice, I hope it's the latter."

"So, let's define everything we saw previously like this, okay?"

"I can also sense that that lantern… is very, very far away from us. That direction should be the human race's Grand Imperial Capital Region."

"In the future, I will take it back."

"I'll help you!" Xu Qing's sound echoed.

Time slowly passed just like that. In the next half a month, Xu Qing was very busy.

Although he had the experience of being a Sword Holder and the help of Old Master Seventh, Marquis Yao, and the others, Fenghai County was too big and there were too many things he needed to do as a County Governor. There were also many things Xu Qing needed to learn.

Hence, in this half a month, Xu Qing spent most of his time immersed in dealing with official business and reports from various sources.

At that moment, in the County Governor's residence, the Observance Palace's Palace Master and the deacon he delivered had just ended their report. After they left, Xu Qing picked up his teacup and only took a sip before a Sword Holder came to report.

The Palace Master of the Law Palace had come.

Xu Qing organized his thoughts and personally walked out to welcome her.

The Palace Master of the Law Palace had delivered a woman with him. Under the guidance of a Sword Holder, they appeared in Xu Qing's vision.

The current Palace Master of the Law Palace was the former Deputy Palace Master of the Law Palace. She was an ordinary-

looking old woman with a resolute personality and was meticulous.

Xu Qing had seen her before but he wasn't familiar with her. However, the instant he saw her, he couldn't help but think of the former Palace Master of the Law Palace.

The former Palace Master had died on the battlefield together with the Palace Master of the Observance Palace. Their corpses were made into puppets by Bai Xiaozhuo. After Fenghai incident, the souls of the two puppets were released.

They were willing to continue protecting Fenghai County in their puppet form, and were one of Fenghai County's trump cards.

Xu Qing sighed inwardly. His expression was solemn as he bowed to the Palace Master.

 Even though her cultivation was only at the Spirit Repository realm, as the County Governor, this bow represented enough respect for the Palace Master. When she saw this, she quickened her pace and bowed as well.

"Greetings, County Governor."

"Please!"

Xu Qing spoke politely and entered the main hall. The moment he sat down, a natural air of dignity and composure enveloped him. His eyes sparkled with a divine aura, portraying the majesty befitting a county governor.

This was the aura of being the county governor.

However, not everyone could have it. Also, Xu Qing's aura didn't seem to be deliberate.

He sat there and everything was natural.

Xu Qing naturally wasn't born with it. The reason why it was like this was because of the understanding and gains he had made in the trip to the Moon Offering Region.

Very few people could compare to the experience of coming into contact with many Soul Accumulations, let alone saving them. As the master of the Moon Rebel Hall, he also participated in the Divine Son battle and the battle of Crimson Goddess.

How could someone who had slaughtered a god not be composed?

The Law Palace's Palace Master was shocked. This was the first time she had seen Xu Qing alone in half a month. Originally, there were some changes in her thoughts. However, now that she saw Xu Qing's calmness, she fell into deep thought and suppressed all her thoughts. She then reported the work of the Law Palace in a low voice.

Xu Qing listened attentively. After a long time, the Palace Master finished her report. Xu Qing's understanding of the Law Palace became even more thorough.

"County Governor, please review the new list."

After the Palace Master finished speaking, she glanced at the woman beside her.

This woman was Yao Yunhui.

She was now a deacon of the Law Palace and was quite important to the Palace Master. Hence, she had followed the other party here to meet the County Governor.

Throughout the entire process, she appeared both nervous and complex. On one hand, this was because she was not unfamiliar with Xu Qing. In fact, the first conflict that arose in Fenghai County upon Xu Qing's arrival was initiated by her.

The matter of the world was unpredictable. Even in her dreams, she couldn't imagine the events that had happened in Fenghai County. Xu Qing was able to soar into the sky to the point where she could only look up to him.

At the same time, her heart was also filled with endless waves of emotions about Xu Qing. She really didn't know why but every time she thought of Xu Qing, she couldn't help but think about how good he was.

Over the years, it had long been deeply ingrained.

After hearing the Palace Master's words, Yao Yunhui took a deep breath and tried her best to suppress the fluctuations in her heart. She respectfully stepped forward and handed a jade slip to Xu Qing with both hands.

Xu Qing lifted his head and his gaze landed on Yao Yunhui.

Yao Yunhui had clearly made some preparations in her makeup. A cascade of beautiful black hair flowed down like a waterfall. Delicate willow-shaped eyebrows, a straight and elegant nose, slightly rosy cheeks, and cherry-like lips—all exuded an enticing charm.

Her oval face, akin to a blooming flower, was clear and jade-like, with smooth, snow-white skin as delicate as ice and snow.

However, her expression was solemn. Her black and white Daoist garment that represented the seriousness and justice of the Law Palace added to her solemnity.

However, it was also because of this that the contrast was even greater. Because her Daoist garment couldn't hide her figure, it actually gave off some forbidden beauty.

However, Xu Qing wasn't moved. He lifted his hand and took the jade slip, checking it with his divine consciousness.

Yao Yunhui felt even more complicated. Looking at Xu Qing in front of her, her brain was a little chaotic.

Xu Qing didn't understand her thoughts. What he was paying attention to now was the jade slip list.

This list contained the cultivators who had joined the Law Palace in the past few years. There were 30 of them every month and they came from various sects. There were also some who were nurtured by the Law Palace.

The three palaces of Fenghai County had autonomy in the recruitment but in the end, they still had to be inspected by the County Governor.

After checking the list, Xu Qing was about to put it down. However, shortly after, he exclaimed inwardly as he noticed that a year ago, there was a month when 29 people joined the Law Palace instead of 30.

This was especially so since there was a name Xu Qing was familiar with.

Ding Xue.

"Last July, there was one less person?" Xu Qing lifted his head and looked at Yao Yunhui.

When Yao Yunhui heard this, she hurriedly put away the complicated feelings in her heart. She recalled the reason and remembered that there were people from the Seven Blood Eyes among them. Hence, she understood the reason why Xu Qing asked.

However, when she thought of the absence of one person, her expression couldn't help but turn peculiar, and she spoke in a low voice.

"County Governor, there were originally 30 people in July last year. One of them was called Zhao Zhongheng. This person could have passed but in order to be in the same division as a female cultivator named Ding Xue, he openly bribed the supervisor. It was an attempted bribe."

"Ding Xue reported this matter and Zhao Zhongheng was disqualified… He's still in the assessment period."

Xu Qing shook his head. Previously, when he saw Ding Xue's name, he thought of Zhao Zhongheng.

When he heard that the reason was actually because Ding Xue had reported him… Xu Qing felt sympathy for Zhao Zhongheng.

However, he naturally wouldn't interfere in such a matter. Hence, he handed the jade slip back to Yao Yunhui.

He then chatted with the Palace Master of the Law Palace. After about fifteen minutes, the Palace Master stood up and left.

Xu Qing personally sent her off. Outside the main hall, Yao Yunhui, who was following beside the Law Palace's Palace Master, couldn't help but turn her head after she was far away and glance in the direction of the main hall.

Xu Qing's slender figure stood there, silhouetted against the azure sky, appearing eternal in her eyes.

In the following days, Xu Qing's workload decreased a little. He finally had time to catch up with his old friends.

The first person he went to see was Zhang San.

With the bustle and prosperity of the county capital, Zhang San, who had good business acumen, naturally would arrive here. In the past few years, he had used the profits from the Seven Blood Eyes' port to open a few flying ship shops in the city.

The Seven Blood Eyes' flying ships had long been modified and divided into two versions. One was for the disciples to use for cultivation, and the other was to be sold to outsiders as a magic artifact.

Due to Old Master Seventh and Xu Qing's identities, the sales of the Seven Blood Eyes' flying ship in the county capital and other provinces were very impressive. Hence, these shops had booming business.

Zhang San was extremely excited about Xu Qing's arrival but he couldn't help but feel reserved. He led Xu Qing to the backyard.

It was only after they reminisced about the past that Zhang San's reservedness eased a little. However, it couldn't dissipate. In the past half a month, he would wake up laughing in his dreams.

The investment back then had long soared by countless times…

"Coun… Senior Brother Xu Qing, the captain also came a few days ago with a great charm beside him."

Zhang San rubbed his hands and spoke in a low voice.

Xu Qing smiled. During this period of time, the captain had disappeared without a trace. Even with his toes, he could imagine that the other party was definitely with Li Shitao. He must be very happy.

Upon seeing Zhang San's appearance, Xu Qing simply squatted beside him like he did back then.

Zhang San's physique trembled as he looked at Xu Qing. He took out his tobacco pipe and took a deep breath. After he exhaled the smoke, he sighed with emotion. Vaguely, he seemed to have seen the youth who had followed the captain carefully when he was in the Seven Blood Eyes.

"I didn't expect this, I really didn't expect this…"































































1128 Master... Good... I

The smoke wafted gently, and within it, Zhang San glimpsed the youth of before.

Meanwhile, within that haze, Xu Qing saw mountains of corpses and seas of blood.

As the smoke slowly dissipated, the two of them looked at each other. Xu Qing smiled, and so did Zhang San. He knocked the pipe on the ground, letting the ash fall off.

"What should I help you refine this time?"

Zhang San asked.

Xu Qing waved his hand and took out the small bottle which held his magic warship, placing it in front of Zhang San.

Over the past few years, due to the increase in his cultivation, he rarely used his magic warship, and it had become useless.

However, Xu Qing didn't want to give it up. Hence, other than catching up on the past, he also wanted Zhang San to help him do a major upgrade on the magic warship.

Zhang San's gaze landed on the magic warship. Without needing Xu Qing to speak, he knew just by looking at the small bottle that this magic warship had almost never been used. He also understood Xu Qing's thoughts. Hence, a strange glint appeared in his eyes.

"Great wing?"

Xu Qing nodded.

Zhang San was instantly excited. He rubbed his hands and fell into deep thought.

"I can't do it alone. I need to call over all those old craftsmen from the Seven Blood Eyes' Sixth Peak. It's not enough. I also need an array formation… Xu Qing, I'll refine a great wing for you. This matter might require the cooperation of the entire Seven Blood Eyes' sect. Only then will it be enough!"



"This might be extremely difficult for others but to you, it only requires a sentence."

"The power source of the great wing is the key. If we can put in a magic treasure, that would be great. If we can use the flesh of a divine creature, it will be even more perfect."

As Zhang San spoke, he took a puff of his cigarette. Xu Qing suddenly took out a feather and placed it in front of Zhang San.

As soon as this feather appeared, the vast might of the god inside erupted explosively. Fortunately, Xu Qing was already prepared, so the impact wasn't great. However, it still caused the surroundings to blur and distort.

Zhang San's eyes suddenly widened and he choked on the tobacco smoke. He didn't even hold the tobacco pipe firmly and it fell to the ground loudly. He felt like his scalp was about to split open.

He had seen the flesh and blood of divine creatures more than once. He had even seen the flesh of Binding. However, the terror contained in this feather was something he had never felt before in his life.

Compared to this, those things he saw in the past were all trash. They were like fireflies and the bright moon.

"This… this…"

Zhang San trembled and coughed for a long time. He looked at the feather in disbelief and lifted his head with difficulty.

"This is the flesh of a god."

Xu Qing calmly spoke.

Zhang San's expression froze. After a long time, he silently picked up the pipe on the ground and instinctively inhaled deeply, causing some sparks to fly out and land on his body.

His face quickly turned red and his eyes became bloodshot. His breathing was hurried and his voice was hoarse as he spoke with determination.

"It's enough!"

"Xu Qing, I'll definitely design an unprecedented great wing for you and use this feather as the core. I believe that this great wing will definitely…"

Xu Qing hesitated but still interrupted him.

"Senior Brother Zhang San, what I mean is that you should design the great wing according to the aura of this feather. As for the power source… it's not this feather."

Zhang San was at a loss. He looked at Xu Qing and then at the feather. After that, he thought of the captain's style… and understood.

This understanding almost petrified him. He didn't recover even after Xu Qing left.

Only after a long time did he heave a long sigh of relief. His heart trembled endlessly at the answer he had realized earlier.

"He doesn't think the feather is worthy of being a power source, which means that they have more. There are many ways to obtain little bits of gods' flesh and blood, but if the amount is huge…"

 "Did they kill a god?!"

Zhang San shuddered and immediately suppressed this thought. He was well aware that there were some things he could know and some things he wouldn't know even if he knew!

At that moment, the sky was gradually turning dark. Xu Qing, who had left Zhang San's place, walked on the streets of the capital city. He didn't deliberately hide his aura but the energy ripples from his body caused his figure to be unable to be formed in the eyes of the mortals.

As he walked in the crowd and sensed the hustle and bustle here, Xu Qing's heart turned calm.

He saw cultivators, Sword Holders, mortals, and even Yanyan, who had an unhappy expression and was patrolling with killing intent in her eyes.

Yanyan couldn't see Xu Qing. She walked past Xu Qing with murderous intent.

Xu Qing stared at her for a while before walking away.

After he left, Yanyan suddenly stopped in her tracks. She abruptly turned her head and looked around. After a while… she silently lowered her head.

Time flowed by and the night grew darker. The crowd gradually decreased. Xu Qing, who was walking toward the County Governor's residence, stopped in his tracks and looked behind him.

A thousand feet behind him, there was a person squatting like a dog.

The moment Xu Qing stopped, he also stopped. Confusion appeared in his eyes as he looked in Xu Qing's direction.

Xu Qing's figure wasn't in his pupils.

However, he could sense Xu Qing's aura. This was his talent. Hence, although he couldn't see, he still followed him all the way. At this moment, he sensed that the aura had disappeared.

This made him feel depressed. He silently squatted there as though he had been abandoned.

However, Xu Qing stood beside him and gazed at the person in front of him.

This person was the little mute.

Xu Qing had long sensed the other party and could tell at a glance that his cultivation had reached the level of three balls of life fire. In fact, he had opened many magic apertures and was only two apertures away from the fourth ball of life fire.

With such aptitude, he could already be considered a heaven's chosen in any sect.

Moreover, the many injuries on his body were enough to show that his cultivation journey had been fraught with a lot of battles.

In addition, his talent allowed him to sense things that others couldn't sense. All of this caused the little mute to definitely have an extraordinary future.

"You can illuminate the Heavenly Palace at any time."

Xu Qing calmly spoke.

His words echoed through the empty streets. When the little mute heard this, his body trembled and he immediately knelt down and kept kowtowing.

Every strike was very forceful.

It was only when a gentle force helped him up that the little mute stopped. Relying on his intuition, he faced Xu Qing, his eyes showing reverence as he raised five fingers.

Xu Qing understood.

The little mute was saying that he wanted to activate five balls of life fire and walk the path Xu Qing had taken.

Xu Qing nodded. He was willing to see someone from the Seven Blood Eyes walking on the path he had strolled on. However, this path was very difficult. Hence, after pondering for a moment, Xu Qing turned and left.

However, a jade pendant appeared out of thin air in front of the little mute. As Xu Qing's voice rang out, it echoed in the little mute's mind.

"Your last magic aperture can be opened on the Sea Corpse Race's island between life and death with this jade pendant. If you successfully light five balls of life fire and form a Heavenly Palace, you can go to the Prison Department and be a Pawn."

The little mute's body trembled. He grabbed the jade pendant and held it tightly. He lifted his head and gazed into the distance, his gaze becoming increasingly determined.

He admired Xu Qing and it had always been like this all these years. Hence, he wanted to walk Xu Qing's path and obtain Xu Qing's recognition so that he could follow beside him.

This was especially so when he sensed that the terrifying existence in Xu Qing's shadow that he had seen back then was even more terrifying now but not that fearful.

This was because its gaze was always looking at Xu Qing with reverence and pleading.

Xu Qing returned to the County Governor's residence and sat in the pavilion, looking at the night sky. The surroundings were quiet. The wind caused the ends of his ponytail to flutter slightly, just like his heart at this moment.

"There don't seem to be many old acquaintances…"

"Some people, as they walk, simply disappear."

Xu Qing closed his eyes.

On this day, other than Zhang San and the little mute, he also saw Yanyan.

Yanyan had become a Sword Holder.

Xu Qing didn't meet her but he finally spotted the source of Yanyan's illness. In his memory, Yanyan's personality revealed cruelty to herself and her enemies.

Only by continuously killing and torturing herself could she be happy.

Her grandmother had told Xu Qing that Yanyan was sick.

At that time, Xu Qing couldn't see the answer. Now, he knew.

Yanyan was the only person he had seen in all these years who didn't have the slightest anomalous substances in her body.

Other than Yanyan, there were others who seemed like they didn't have anomalous substances, but the anomalous substances in them were cleansed. After a lengthy time, they would still appear. It was different from Yanyan.

Yanyan's body never seemed to have anomalous substances.

This was because her anomalous substances had fused into her soul, tainting it heavily. This caused her to become crazy, perverted, and torture herself. One could imagine that as time passed and she grew older, she would become increasingly crazy.

This was also the reason why her grandmother doted on her. She knew that her granddaughter wouldn't live long.

However, after experiencing the incident at the Moon Offering, in Xu Qing's eyes, Yanyan's severely tainted soul itself possessed a trace of divinity.

Hence, although Xu Qing didn't meet Yanyan, he fused a Crimson Goddess' feather into her soul and left a sentence for her so that she could borrow the power of the feather to cultivate.

"She's suitable for cultivating divinity."

Xu Qing opened his eyes and gazed in the direction of the Yinghuang Province. There was a Ghost Emperor Mountain there.

Old Master Seventh left three days ago and went to Ghost Emperor Mountain because third senior brother was cultivating there. That little boy from back then was also cultivating there with him.

As the wind blew, Xu Qing's thoughts continued to fluctuate. He thought of many things from the past and many old acquaintances, such as Qing Qiu. She was also in the Yinghuang Province.

Finally, Xu Qing gazed at the Nanhuang Continent.

At this moment, the wind stopped. Xu Qing retracted his thoughts and gaze at the same time and calmly spoke.

"Ever since I obtained the flesh of Crimson Goddess, you've been looking at me pleadingly. This is especially after You Lingzi was taken away by my master, your gaze has become even more intense, so… you want to eat it?"

As soon as Xu Qing finished speaking, under the moonlight, his shadow immediately rippled and rapidly spread in all directions. A pitch-black coffin rose from it, and it was covered in eyes.

Every eye revealed reverence and pleading. There were also intermittent fluctuations of emotions that echoed in Xu Qing's mind.

"Master… good… I…"

"Eat… Strong… I… Offer…"

"Divine fire…"































































"Divine fire?"

Xu Qing's gaze froze as he looked at the shadow. Under his gaze, the shadow trembled a few times and carefully transmitted emotions.

"Fire… Boom boom boom…"

Xu Qing fell silent. He somewhat missed the Diamond Sect's ancestor.

Sometimes, the emotional ripples of the shadow could be understood, but most of the time, it was very difficult to accurately understand the meaning.

The term 'divine fire' was too sensitive. According to Xu Qing's understanding in the Moon Offering Region, that was a necessary path to become a god. Only by igniting the divine fire could one be considered a god.

For example, Crimson Goddess and the Divine Son both walked this path.

However, the former succeeded, while the latter didn't succeed in igniting the divine fire and it burned him instead.

Hence, after hearing the term 'divine fire' from the shadow, Xu Qing's heart fluctuated.

"You can form divine fire?"

Xu Qing asked.

The shadow first nodded and then shook its head. In the end, it became anxious, so it simply…

"Boom boom boom…"

Xu Qing frowned. After pondering for a moment, he lifted his hand and made arrangements in the surroundings. After that, he took out a piece of Crimson Goddess' fleshy feather.



Looking at the feather, the shadow was excited and churned on the ground, as though turning the tiles of the pavilion into a black quagmire.

After sensing the shadow's emotions, Xu Qing waved his hand and threw the feather out. Before it landed on the ground, the shadow impatiently rose from the ground and opened its mouth to devour the feather.

Its body was like a black hole that could devour everything. In the blink of an eye, the feather disappeared and the shadow trembled violently as it continued to expand.

Xu Qing paid attention the entire time. An hour later, the shadow's energy fluctuations slowly decreased and finally stabilized. When it shrank and returned to Xu Qing's feet, the shadow emitted an incomparable desire.

"Delicious… devour… want…"

A look of contemplation appeared in Xu Qing's eyes. After checking the remaining quantity of the flesh of Crimson Goddess, he endured his heartache and took out a fist-sized flesh.

Such a large piece immediately made the shadow extremely excited. Spikes formed on it, rising and falling as its eyes revealed excitement. There were even sounds of it opening its mouths and gulping.

In fact, in order to eat this piece of meat, the shadow even formed a shadow tail that swayed on the ground like a puppy.

It was unknown which human consciousness it had possessed before…

It still had some effect.

Xu Qing glanced at the swaying shadow tail on the ground and threw the flesh in his hand to the shadow.

In an instant, all the shadow spikes headed straight for the flesh, instantly enveloping it. Immediately after, the sound of swallowing echoed. The energy ripples of the shadow even exceeded before and were erupting like they were boiling.

However, it was obvious that such a large piece was a little difficult for it to withstand. Hence, very soon, its body became unstable. With a boom, the shadow's body directly collapsed. It was like an ink bottle that had fallen to the ground, shattering into hundreds of pieces.

The flesh of Crimson Goddess that was swallowed also fell out of its body.

However, in the blink of an eye, it shattered into hundreds of shadows like hungry wild dogs. They rapidly enveloped the flesh again, continuing to devour and collapse.

The shadow's persistence was vividly displayed at this moment.

This lasted until the sky in the distance lit up slightly. After a night, the shadow had shattered countless times before it finally swallowed the lump of flesh bit by bit. Its body barely maintained itself and stopped shattering.

As for its heart, it wasn't satisfied. At that moment, while maintaining its body from cracking, it tried its best to emit fawning emotions toward Xu Qing.

"Master… good… I… want…"

"There's no change even after devouring an entire piece. What's the use of having you?" Xu Qing said coldly.

He felt that there was a certain possibility that the shadow could change but it was deliberately suppressing the change, and this guess made him unhappy.

 He wanted to activate the purple crystal and see if he could smash out the item the shadow had swallowed. At the same time, he wanted to intimidate it.

Sensing the purple light appearing on Xu Qing's body, the shadow instantly trembled and quickly emitted an emotion of begging for mercy.

"No need… no eat… forbidden zone… okay."

Xu Qing ignored it and directly suppressed it. In an instant, a purple light spread out from Xu Qing's body and landed on the shadow. Wails rang out as the shadow collapsed and the piece of flesh that had been half eaten fell out.

Xu Qing lifted his hand and grabbed it from afar.

The shadow trembled as it watched Xu Qing take away its food. It was clearly anxious and quickly circled around Xu Qing, forming a black vortex.

"Eat… eat…"

"Boom boom boom!"

"I… strong… useful!"

The shadow hurriedly expressed. Xu Qing coldly looked over.

"There's no need for additional flesh?"

"No… forbidden zone… can…"

The shadow carefully transmitted its emotions.

Xu Qing didn't continue speaking. He recalled that the few times the shadow advanced previously were all related to anomalous substances.

As for anomalous substances, other than in the flesh, there were quite a lot of them in any forbidden zone.

Hence, due to the need for the shadow to advance and his guess about the word 'divine fire', Xu Qing's body instantly disappeared from the pavilion. When he reappeared, he was already outside the capital city.

He didn't stop at all. After he appeared, he took a step forward. The ground seemed to have shrunk under his feet. Every step he took covered a large area.

The rules and nomological laws could already be manifested on Spirit Repository cultivators.

Just like that, two hours later, Xu Qing had already left the county capital and appeared in the nearby province.

This province was called the Spirit Land and was the smallest province in Fenghai County. It got its name because there were many forbidden zones in it.

The spirit in its name didn't mean spiritual energy but undead spirits.

The forbidden zones in it were a paradise for the undead and bizarre. It was fine for ordinary cultivators to walk around the edge, but if they entered the depths, they would only have a slim chance of survival. Only after their cultivation reached the Nascent Soul realm and coupled with a certain amount of luck would they have a chance of survival.

It was also the path that the Ghost Lane's ship had to pass through.

When Xu Qing arrived, he saw the Ghost Lane's ship.

Although it was still daytime, black clouds filled the distance and the sky gradually turned pitch-black. Fog churned and enveloped the sky, causing the light to dim and a cold intent to spread in all directions.

A huge dilapidated ghost ship was faintly discernible in the fog, moving forward in the sky.

Xu Qing's expression was calm as he stared at the ghost ship.

He was no longer the cultivator he was back then, let alone his identity. As the County Governor, he could mobilize the county's fortune. He wasn't too curious about this ghost ship he had rode before.

The ghost ship also showed respect to Xu Qing. After sensing Xu Qing's figure, the fog on the ghost ship solidified. A large number of ghosts rose from the boat and floated outside, bowing to Xu Qing.

Xu Qing nodded and passed by it, heading toward a Spirit Land forbidden zone.

After he left, the fog in the sky churned again. The ghost ship continued forward and quickly disappeared. The sky also lit up again.

After about fifteen minutes, as Xu Qing moved forward, he saw a Spirit Land forbidden zone in the distance.

There were a total of 13 forbidden zones in the entire Spirit Land province.

Every one of them was ancient, having endured countless years. According to the records, they originated in the era of the Human Sovereign Eastern Triumph.

Originally, it was a forbidden region, but changes occurred in later generations. Overnight, the forbidden region collapsed and turned into 13 forbidden zones.

As for the reason, it wasn't recorded in any books. However, according to the clues, someone analyzed that there might have been a divine battle here.

However, the truth was already buried in history.

At that moment, the forbidden zone that appeared in front of Xu Qing was a black jungle that had a range similar to the forbidden zone in the Nanhuang Continent's scavenger campsite.

The vegetation inside was all black and released a withering feeling. There were also dense anomalous substances spreading inside, forming a black fog that enveloped the forbidden zone. At the same time, waves of roars that could be sensed by the soul echoed from the depths of the forbidden zone at all times.

In fact, when one got close, one could see the figures of some skeletons moving in the jungle, as well as all kinds of strange entities.

For instance, Xu Qing was standing outside the forbidden zone, and saw an old woman standing in the forbidden zone.

This old woman was wearing burial clothes, her face pallid, and she was smiling at Xu Qing.

The smile was wide, revealing black teeth, and a strong stench of decay emanated from her, spreading to the surroundings.

Xu Qing was calm. He had seen too many strange entities in his life. There was nothing strange about them. They were just food for the shadow.

"I'll only give you one chance. If you still can't advance, then I don't need you anymore."

Xu Qing calmly spoke. The shadow under his feet trembled. After emitting determined emotions, it immediately spread toward the forbidden zone.

The instant the shadow appeared, the expression of the old woman who had been staring at Xu Qing and smiling changed drastically. It was as though she had seen her natural enemy and swiftly turned around to escape.

However, it was still too slow. The shadow spread even faster and rushed into the forbidden zone, catching up in the blink of an eye. After its figure touched the old woman, she immediately melted and disappeared into the shadow.

The shadow didn't stop. As it chewed, it spread out in all directions with all its might.

Xu Qing didn't follow. He stood outside the forbidden zone and borrowed the connection with the shadow to sense every step the shadow took. Gradually, a strange expression appeared on his face and it slowly turned into surprise. Finally, his heart shook a little.

"What is it doing?"

In Xu Qing's perception, the range of the shadow this time completely surpassed the past and reached an unbelievable level.

It actually spread throughout the entire forbidden zone!

The instant the forbidden zone was covered, it gradually blurred in front of Xu Qing, as though it was being devoured!

Xu Qing swiftly confirmed that this forbidden zone wasn't seemingly being devoured but… it was really being devoured.

It grew increasingly faint and blurry. The location at the edge had completely disappeared. A day later, Xu Qing glanced ahead in shock.

That place… was empty.

The forbidden zone had disappeared!

From now on, the Spirit Land province would have one less forbidden zone!

It was devoured by the shadow!

On the empty land, the soil was gray. There was no sign of life or the aura of death. That gray color was like the background color of the world.

Above this background color was a squirming black shadow.

Waves of godly murmurs rang out from the black shadow, echoing through the world.

"Three elements nurture, nine Qi circulate, five elements transform, organs form, and seven stars create orifices. The souls of all beings rise to the top, three feet above me, Dark Abyss, illuminated by the brilliance of three feet of starlight."































































The voice alternated between high and low, between swift and slow, creating a feeling of bizarre entity when combined.

And it indeed contained bizarre entities!

The moment the voice spread, the sky changed color, and the earth rumbled. The vegetation growing outside the forbidden zone cracked, and the impact was extensive.

Although this area was sparsely populated due to the existence of the forbidden zone, there was no lack of insects and beasts.

These insects and beasts that lived outside the forbidden zone had been affected to varying degrees by the anomalous substances. Their lives had mutated and they were even more tenacious. However, under the coverage of these murmurs, all of them began to go crazy.

Looking around, countless insects and beasts of various kinds emerged from the ground, converging from all directions. They surrounded Xu Qing, emitting hissing cries, creating a dense and terrifying spectacle.

Xu Qing remained composed, his gaze sweeping over the insects and beasts surrounding him. On their bodies, he sensed traces of being controlled—this was one of the abilities of the shadow.

However, the range was larger now and the number of beings it could control was greater. Most importantly, it was no longer limited to the fusion with shadows; it could manipulate them with just murmurs.

"Devouring a forbidden zone and controlling with sound…" Xu Qing narrowed his eyes and looked at the squirming shadow on the gray land in front of him.

As time passed, the shadow's squirming slowed down by a lot, as though it was gradually stabilizing.

Its form also slowly stabilized and looked like a head.

At the center of the head's forehead, although it was pitch-black, one could vaguely see a totem.



The shape of this totem was exactly the same as the forbidden zone that the shadow had devoured!

"It's not a totem. This is…"

Xu Qing's heart stirred. He focused his attention and carefully observed the shadow's forehead. Soon, he confirmed his previous guess. The thing on the forehead wasn't a totem but a forbidden zone.

The forbidden zone that was devoured by the shadow appeared on the shadow's forehead and became one with it.

This discovery made Xu Qing feel even stranger. What made his pupils contract even more was that in this forbidden zone that had shrunk countless times, there was a tree that was different from the others growing in the center.

That was the first form the shadow had displayed, a huge shadow tree.

There was a coffin hanging from the tree. This coffin was the second form of the shadow.

At that moment, the coffin was shaking like a huge pendulum clock. There was also the ear-piercing sound of fingernails scratching the wooden planks and murmurs.

"I, the Dark Abyss, the spirit accumulates and forms the body. The soul lacks divinity, and starlight descends to extinguish all beings!"

The instant the last word was spoken, a wave of soul power that was as majestic as the sea suddenly erupted from the coffin. The target… was none other than Xu Qing!

Xu Qing's expression didn't change at all. He stood there and coldly looked at the shadow. His eyes were pitch-black and the Poison Restriction activated.

Under Xu Qing's gaze, this huge soul power stopped ten feet away from him, distorting the surroundings and showing signs of struggle. It was as though malice instinctively erupted but it also instinctively didn't dare to continue.

This lasted until Xu Qing snorted coldly.

That terrifying soul power instantly fluctuated and spread out toward the sky above, affecting the sky. It gathered the clouds and displayed a few words.

Master is benevolent.

Immediately after, fawning emotions spread out from the black shadow.

"Master… good… I…"

Xu Qing looked at the shadow, and he seemed to have figured it out. The murmurs of the shadow were expressed properly, but when it tried to speak directly, it would be like this. It seemed that the growth of its realm was not directly proportional to its speaking ability.

However, Xu Qing couldn't be bothered to suppress it now. He was more concerned about the divine fire the shadow had expressed earlier.

"What about the divine fire?"

Xu Qing calmly spoke.

When the shadow heard this, a large mouth opened on it and it roared out.

"Sacrifice!"

 The instant this word was spoken, the densely-packed insects and beasts around Xu Qing that were controlled by the shadow trembled in unison. After that, they ferociously consumed and bit each other, letting out mournful wails.

There were also some who devoured themselves and cried miserably amid this self-mutilation.

However, their actions did not pause for a moment. The more pitiful the sounds, the more ferocious their biting became. In just a dozen breaths' time, all the insects and beasts surrounding Xu Qing died.

They were sacrificing themselves!

This scene caused Xu Qing's expression to freeze. At the same time, brown light spots floated up from the corpses of these insects and beasts and flew straight toward the shadow.

The feeling these light spots gave Xu Qing was somewhat similar to the faith power of all living beings in the Moon Offering Region. However, their essence seemed to be different.

This was because it was impossible to see with the naked eye.

Even with his cultivation base, it was difficult for Xu Qing to see them. Only when his eyes contained the Poison Restriction could he see these clearly.

They quickly gathered together and formed a brown sphere of light. It was only the size of a fingernail and shone brightly. It sometimes expanded and sometimes rapidly contracted, as though it was immensely unstable.

Even more astonishing was that its appearance stirred the firmament. The clouds rapidly turned pitch-black, thunder resounded instantly, and lightning danced within, seemingly drawn to it and spreading outward.

The shadow's emotions were filled with even more intense fawning as it blew at the brown sphere of light. Immediately, the sphere of light headed straight for Xu Qing and floated in front of him.

As the sphere of light floated, the thunderbolt in the sky rotated in unison and locked onto it.

Xu Qing frowned. He couldn't tell what it was but he innately felt danger. It was as though every inch of his body had gained an independent consciousness at this moment and was shrieking at him, telling him that this thing was immensely dangerous.































































?Xu Qing looked at the shadow.

The shadow manifested a tail that swayed. It even stuck out a black tongue which started wagging .

It was like a puppy, nodding continuously at Xu Qing.

"Maste… offer… mast… good… divine fire."

Xu Qing fell silent. He didn't trust the shadow and the danger emitted by his intuition made him very vigilant against the brown sphere of light. Hence, he took a few steps back and was about to raise his hand.

Xu Qing felt that it wasn't safe enough. He retreated hundreds of feet before lifting his right hand and waving it gently at the brown sphere of light.

With this wave, the brown sphere of light drifted into the distance. After drifting far away, the lightning in the sky gathered to a certain extent and suddenly erupted.

In an instant, countless bolts of lightning descended from the sky like a thunderstorm, whistling toward the sphere of light and bombarding it in the blink of an eye.

The instant the lightning landed, this sphere of light that was already unstable instantly exploded.

A terrifying thunder and fire erupted into the sky. There was also a hint of divinity, forming an earth-shattering storm that swept in all directions.

Wherever it passed, everything was destroyed.

The power contained in it was extremely majestic. Even with Xu Qing's cultivation, his heart trembled and he quickly retreated. However, it was still too late. Even though he was cautious enough and was already very far away, the eruption of this brown sphere of light was too ferocious.

In that instant, Xu Qing was affected. The storm formed by the collapse of the brown sphere of light gushed toward him.

Xu Qing's entire body shone as his first god form appeared. He retreated thousands of feet before he could neutralize the force.

As the brown sphere of light disappeared, the storm dissipated and a bottomless pit appeared on the ground.



Xu Qing had lingering fear when he saw this. As for the shadow, it used some unknown method to hide and avoid the damage. At that moment, it reappeared on the ground unscathed and transmitted proud emotions to Xu Qing.

"Amaz… I… amazin!"

Xu Qing's expression was unsightly.

"Is this divine fire?"

The shadow hurriedly nodded. Seeing that Xu Qing's gaze was unfriendly, it quickly shook its head. It wanted to express itself but didn't know how to describe it. It gradually became anxious and in the end, it could only…

""Boom boom boom!"

""Boom boom boom!"

"Boom…"

"Stop rumbling!"

Xu Qing's voice was cold. The shadow was a little stunned. It didn't know how it had provoked Xu Qing again, so it felt aggrieved.

Sensing the grievance of the shadow, Xu Qing sighed. He missed the Diamond Sect's ancestor even more. At this moment, he finally understood why the shadow made rumbling sounds when describing the divine fire.

Just now, when the brown sphere of light exploded… wasn't it rumbling?

Xu Qing looked at the shadow and dispelled the thought of continuing to ask. His body swayed as he headed straight for the place where the brown sphere of light had exploded. He only needed to inspect this place.

"The instant it exploded earlier, that sphere of light emitted divinity…"

Xu Qing floated in the pit and touched the soil in the surroundings. A look of contemplation appeared in his eyes. He then lifted his head and looked at the dissipating thunderclouds in the sky. Gradually, a guess formed in his mind.

"This thing is more like a taboo fuel. It's unstable and can attract lightning. Moreover, even if the lightning doesn't descend, there's a high chance that it will explode when the wind blows."

"A fingernail-sized piece is already capable of emitting such a terrifying power…"

"Then, is it possible that this thing… is the fuel for igniting the divine fire?"

The moment this thought emerged in Xu Qing's mind, his eyes gleamed as he thought of the way the shadow obtained this fuel.

"Sacrifice…"

"The gods I know have a need for sacrifices… Could this be the reason why gods like sacrificial rituals?"

Xu Qing didn't know if his estimate was correct but after the shadow advanced this time, it could actually offer sacrifices to itself. This caused quite a commotion in his mind.

"First, control the beings, then forcefully offer them…"

Xu Qing observed at the shadow.

The shadow emitted a smug expression.

"I… useful!"

Xu Qing found it hard to refute. The changes to the shadow's improvement this time were too great. Regardless of whether it was the devouring of the forbidden zone or controlling with its voice, and ultimately offering sacrifices to itself.

All of this was definitely extraordinary.

That was the god's ability.

'So, what exactly is it?'

Xu Qing narrowed his eyes and suppressed this thought as he calmly spoke.

"Get back here."

When the shadow heard this, it was immediately happy. It quickly spread back to Xu Qing's feet and transformed into his shadow again.

Xu Qing retracted his gaze and didn't speak anymore. With a sway of his body, he rose into the air and returned to Fenghai County.

At that moment, the sunlight was strong and Xu Qing was flying in the sky. His shadow moved forward on the ground and grew larger and larger. It wasn't proportional to Xu Qing's body and finally became thousands of feet long.

The forbidden zone on its forehead was blurry. Two rows of blood-colored eyes opened on both sides and the corners of its mouth split open, emitting a soundless smile.

It was like a demonic god.

If anyone saw this scene, they would definitely be horrified.

This was because Xu Qing was the person who raised that demonic god.

As time passed, some things that were meant to come would eventually arrive.

The main reason for the series of preparations in Fenghai County was because of the Seventh Prince and King Tian Lan. They were like sharp blades that hung above the heads of the Fenghai County cultivators.

Xu Qing had thought of saying something to comfort people.

However, Old Master Seventh and Marquis Yao tactfully stopped him. They… were playing a big game of chess.

Although they didn't say it explicitly, Xu Qing had experienced many things and had long seen through it.

Old Master Seventh and Marquis Yao were fishing.

Today, the first fish had taken the bait.

There was news from the frontline of the Black Heaven Race that not all of the five batches of Fenghai County cultivators who went to the battlefield had died after experiencing several near-death war missions.































































?There were still over 10,000 people alive.

Out of the five million Fenghai cultivators that were conscripted, only 10,000 or so survived. They experienced many life-and-death situations, enduring pain and torment, ultimately being treated as abandoned pawns.

Kong Xianglong and some Sword Holders were among them.

They escaped with great difficulty. They didn't choose to return to King Tian Lan's army but left the battlefield. They wanted to return to Fenghai County.

This matter was peculiar, defying logic, and had inexplicable aspects. It seemed as if invisible hands were at play, guiding the footsteps of these survivors along a predetermined path.

However, no matter what, the news that reached Fenghai County included a recording jade slip that clearly recorded their exhausted figures.

On the way, they also encountered the pursuit of King Tian Lan's personal guards. They couldn't defend themselves against the accusations and barely escaped in the midst of the confrontation.

They were trapped in a dangerous situation now and could only wait for death.

Fenghai County faced a choice.

Should they save these survivors or not? How should they handle them and how should they announce their fate?

If they saved them, it would be equivalent to confirming their stance. If they didn't save them and watched helplessly as they were punished, the people of Fenghai County would dissipate.

"So, Zheng Kaiyi, Yao Tianyan, what will the two of you… choose?"

In the imperial city where the Seventh Prince was located, the former Eight Sects Alliance's Alliance Leader Chen Yangzi placed the first piece on an empty chessboard.



"According to my judgment of you people's style of doing things, you will definitely save them."

"But to travel thousands of miles to save these people, ordinary people are useless. The people who go… must be experts, and one might not be enough."

"In that case, will there be Zi Xuan among the people who will go? If there is, then I'll just make sure you fall into my trap."

Chen Yangzi smiled. He actually didn't care much about this encirclement. If Zi Xuan was around, it would naturally be for the best. If Zi Xuan wasn't around, this plan would serve as bait to lure the tiger away from the mountain.

"In the entire Fenghai County, the strong ones are only Zheng Kaiyi and Marquis Yao. I can't defeat them. One of them will definitely go to save these people. Otherwise, the strength of the reinforcements won't be enough.

As for those two puppets… I have a way to deal with them."

Chen Yangzi's eyes were filled with anticipation as he lifted his head and looked in the direction of Fenghai County.

He naturally wouldn't enter Fenghai County rashly, but the Seventh Prince's order had to be completed. However, this wasn't difficult for him.

Encirclement and reinforcement, entering the trap, and luring the tiger away from the mountain—these three maneuvers integrated seamlessly. He had ways to adapt and manipulate them according to the situation, holding control in his hands.

While Chen Yangzi was looking in the direction of Fenghai County, Xu Qing, Old Master Seventh, and Marquis Yao were standing in the pavilion of the County Governor's residence in Fenghai County. They were also looking towards the former Heavenly Wind Imperial Capital where the Seventh Prince was.

"Xu Qing, what do you think?" Old Master Seventh calmly asked.

"Master, the fish has taken the bait," Xu Qing remarked softly.

When Old Master Seventh heard this, he laughed, his eyes filled with admiration.

"So… are you going or should I go?" Marquis Yao looked at Old Master Seventh.

"You go. I'll wait a little longer and see what the other party's second move is. Otherwise, if we go out together, the other party will suspect that it was too smooth. Remember to bring the puppets. Don't be careless." Old Master Seventh looked at Marquis Yao.

Marquis Yao nodded. As the only elder remaining of the original upper echelons of Fenghai County, he knew his limits. Hence, he took a step forward and disappeared from the pavilion in the next instant.

Soon, the Observance Palace and the Sword Holding Palace's Palace Masters, and some sect masters of the various sects followed Marquis Yao out and tore through the sky.

As for Old Master Seventh, several days later, he got the second move he had been waiting for.

Many sects suddenly rebelled in Fenghai County.

These sects were scattered in various regions and their rebellion erupted at the same time, spreading rumors, causing chaos far and wide.

Moreover, many nonhuman races on the Forbidden Sea also suddenly dispatched troops, landing on multiple coastlines of Fenghai County, including several regions such as Yinghuang Province.

Not only that, but a large number of nonhumans also appeared outside the Seven Blood Eyes' port harbor of the Nanhuang Continent. Nihility specialists were leading the army.

In an instant, everyone in Fenghai County was in a state of panic and chaos.

Faced with such a crisis, a large number of Sword Holders went out. Old Master Seventh personally led the team.

After he and Marquis Yao left, the county capital city became unprecedentedly empty.

This emptiness was stared at by a pair of gaze hidden behind the chessboard.

"It went a little too smoothly…"

Chen Yangzi placed his second piece, and a look of pondering appeared in his eyes. After a long time, he placed his third piece.































































?Several days later, with Marquis Yao and Old Master Seventh leaving successively, and with the three Palace Masters and the various sects busily suppressing the rebellion across the entire county, news from various sources began to converge.

For example, the extent of the rebellion, the situation of the nonhuman races of the Forbidden Sea and their determination to cause chaos, and the true reasons for over 10,000 Fenghai cultivators being trapped in the desperate situation and escaping from the Black Heaven Battlefield.

The truth was that the Great Expansion Dao Palace, a former member of the Eight Sects Alliance, provided assistance!

The Eight Sects Alliance's Alliance Leader didn't join the Seventh Prince alone. He had left with the Soaring Cloud Sword Sect and the Great Expansion Dao Palace.

After siding with the Seventh Prince, the Great Expansion Dao Palace was arranged to assist in the arrangement of array formations on the battlefield with its expertise in array formations. It was a safe position.

In the end, unable to bear the suffering of the Fenghai cultivators and witnessing the extent of the casualties among the five million people, the Great Expansion Dao Palace secretly granted Kong Xianglong and others a certain degree of array permissions.

This allowed Kong Xianglong and the others to survive and escape.

This matter wouldn't have been discovered so quickly, but the hearts of the people within the Great Expansion Dao Palace were complex. While some couldn't bear what happened to Fenghai County, others wholeheartedly attached themselves to the Seventh Prince.

Due to their respective ideals and internal power struggles, this matter was spread by the Great Expansion Dao Palace on its own, targeting the sect master.

This caused the Great Expansion Dao Palace's ancestor and the Seventh Prince to be furious. They ordered a cleanup and killed everyone who participated. Only the sect master of the Great Expansion Dao Palace, who was defined as the main instigator, was missing.

It was also because of this that this information spread and attracted the attention of all parties.



At this moment, while Marquis Yao, Old Master Seventh, and a large number of forces were still scattered, a person came to the relatively empty capital city of Fenghai County.

This person was an old man dressed in a brown Daoist robe. His expression was filled with fatigue and he was heavily injured. While he was travel-worn, he was also cautious and extremely vigilant.

The moment he stepped into the county capital, he immediately contacted two people.

One was Zi Xuan, and the other was Xue Lianzi.

They didn't head out but stayed in the city to guard it. The instant they received the news, the expressions of Zi Xuan and Xue Lianzi changed.

This was because they knew who it was.

It was the sect master of the Great Expansion Dao Palace, Yan Yezi, who had Perfected Spirit Repository cultivation.

If it was anyone else who came to the capital of Fenghai County at this moment, it would be very difficult for them to meet Xue Lianzi and Zi Xuan. After all, it was war preparation time and the situation was ever-changing.

However, this Yan Yezi from the Great Expansion Dao Palace had saved the lives of the Fenghai County cultivators on the Black Heaven Battlefield.

His forces in the sect were completely wiped out by the Seventh Prince, resulting in the deaths of over a thousand people. The scene might not be a river of blood, but it was undeniably a gruesome and brutal outcome. Even he barely escaped with his life, severely wounded..

He had come to seek refuge, so they had to meet him, especially since he had mentioned that he had an important secret to tell them.

Very soon, in the main hall of the County Governor's residence, Xu Qing, Xue Lianzi, Zi Xuan, and some others saw Yan Yezi.

The seriousness of his injuries didn't seem fake. His internal organs were mostly shattered and he was relying on his Spirit Repository cultivation to hold on. After seeing Xu Qing and the others, his expression was a little dazed. Clearly, he recalled the first time he saw Xu Qing.

"Greetings, County Governor!"

A while later, Yan Yezi suppressed his emotions and cupped his fists respectfully. However, the fluctuations in his heart triggered his injuries, and his complexion turned even paler.

Xu Qing immediately waved his hand and sent over a gentle force. After he helped the sect master up, he instructed people to bring over a medicinal pill and politely placed it in front of Yan Yezi.

"Thank you for your help on the Black Heaven Battlefield, Sect Master. We've already heard about the matter of the Great Expansion Dao Palace. This is a healing treasure here in the city, Heaven Rejuvenation Pill. You should consume it first and take care of your injuries."

Yan Yezi picked it up when he heard this. He noticed that Xue Lianzi and Zi Xuan were observing him. Although there was no hostility in their gazes, he knew that his arrival would definitely arouse suspicion.

Hence, he didn't hesitate at all. He didn't even look at the authenticity of the pill and swallowed it in one gulp.

Xue Lianzi narrowed his eyes while Zi Xuan remained calm.

From the start to the end, Xu Qing's expression was as usual. He looked at Yan Yezi who was meditating after eating the medicinal pill and didn't continue to speak.

After about fifteen minutes, Yan Yezi opened his eyes. The injuries in his body had eased somewhat, which he suppressed once again. He took a deep breath, bowing to Xu Qing once more. His expression carried a sense of lamentation, along with a touch of guilt.

"Time flies, many years have passed… I still remember the first time that the County Governor came to the Eight Sects Alliance…"

Yan Yezi shook his head and sighed.

"It's a pity that my Great Expansion Dao Palace has followed the wrong person. One wrong step and every step will be wrong…"

"County Governor, I risked my life to escape and came to Fenghai County to tell you some news. You can choose what to do."

"One, even though I couldn't bear the tragedy that happened to Fenghai cultivators on the Black Heaven Battlefield, I couldn't bring myself to risk the lives of my sect disciples and myself to save them."

"The reason I was able to save those 10,000 people was because there were some flaws in the array formation at that time. During the repair process, I had an opportunity to form a teleportation array without being discovered. Even if it was discovered, it would have nothing to do with me."

"So, I chose to help."

"It's impossible for outsiders to know about this, and it's impossible for the internal department of the Great Expansion Dao Palace to discover it so quickly. However, not long after the 10,000-odd cultivators from Fenghai County were teleported, the news spread from within the Great Expansion Dao Palace."

"It was a massacre. I understood this was a trap and I risked my life to escape. Someone calculated my soft-heartedness and set up a trap."

"Someone wants to let those people from Fenghai County out and use them as a bargaining chip so that Fenghai County has no choice but to rescue them. At the same time, they are luring the tiger away from the mountain."

Yan Yezi spoke in a low voice. The expressions of everyone in the hall were different and it was completely silent.

"That person is Chen Yangzi, the alliance leader of the former Eight Sects Alliance!"

The eyes of Yan Yezi were bloodshot when he said this.

"The second news I want to talk about is also related to this person. All the chaos in Fenghai County, including the Forbidden Sea, was arranged by Chen Yangzi. I… was once in charge of communicating with the nonhuman races in the Forbidden Sea."

Yan Yezi lowered his head and spoke bitterly.

"As for the third piece of news, it's from the frontline. King Tian Lan's army is about to return victorious!"

"The bloody immortal art he needs has been completely set up. Moreover, he has already unleashed the might of immortal art. The Black Heaven Race is retreating step by step on the battlefield he is in charge of."

"Now, under the lead of King Tian Lan and relying on the blood immortal art, the army has fought their way into the hinterland of the Black Spirit Region. They will soon complete their mission. At that time, the army will return triumphantly. With just a word from the Seventh Prince, Fenghai County… will definitely be in great danger!"

In the main hall, other than Xu Qing and a few people, the expressions of the others changed. This was the first time they had heard such specific news about the battlefield.

The words of Yan Yezi didn't end.

"There's also a fourth piece of news that is related to Chen Yangzi. The mission he received was to probe the situation in Fenghai County before King Tian Lan returned. At the same time, he has a deeper goal, and that is Fairy Zi Xuan."

"Chen Yangzi wants to capture Fairy Zi Xuan alive."

These words echoed in the main hall. Zi Xuan's expression was cold and Xu Qing narrowed his eyes.

Xue Lianzi sat at the side and looked at Yan Yezi as he slowly spoke.

"What does this have to do with Fellow Daoist Zi Xuan?"

Yan Yezi hesitated for a moment and gritted his teeth. In the end, he still told them what he knew.

"When Chen Yangzi sought refuge with the Seventh Prince, he said that Fairy Zi Xuan's origins are special and her cultivation method is extraordinary. If you dual cultivate with her, using her as a vessel can allow the dual cultivator to break through the shackles of their realm."

"The Seventh Prince asked Chen Yangzi to send Fairy Zi Xuan over. Hence, these things are happening one after another."

Killing intent flashed in Zi Xuan's eyes. Xu Qing didn't speak but his aura instantly turned cold.

Everyone in the hall emitted a murderous aura. Xue Lianzi sneered.

After Yan Yezi finished speaking, the injuries in his body fluctuated and he panted slightly. He suppressed them again and continued to speak.

"There's still the fifth one. This time…"

Just as Yan Yezi said this, he suddenly paused. His eyes widened and his stomach instantly swelled. His entire body instantly expanded. In the blink of an eye, his clothes tore apart and he transformed into a huge ball of flesh.

It was a shocking sight!

A mournful cry rang out from his mouth, echoing through the hall. When everyone's expressions changed, the meatball-like body of Yan Yezi directly collapsed and exploded!

Xue Lianzi walked out immediately. The others were the same. As they guarded themselves against the splattering flesh and blood, they also used their cultivation to protect their surroundings.

Rumbling sound echoed, and an invisible ripple spread out from the shattered body of Yan Yezi.

This ripple rapidly covered the hall and the entire city.

It didn't have any lethality. It was more like an extremely detailed and tight investigation.

After investigating, all the flesh and blood in the hall rapidly rose into the air and gathered together to form a huge vortex. A terrifying aura erupted from the vortex.

All of this took a long time to describe, but in reality, from the moment Yan Yezi transformed into a meatball and exploded until the vortex formed, only a moment had passed.

At the same time, in the former Heavenly Wind Imperial Capital, which was extremely far away from here, in his residence, the alliance leader revealed a smile as he stared at the chessboard.

"So, there's really no Nihility stage four in Fenghai County now."

The chessboard in front of him was filled with flesh and blood, forming a vortex. In the depths of the vortex, what was reflected was the scene in the hall of Fenghai County.

The smile on the alliance leader's face grew even wider. Everything was within his plan. From the begin to the end, he had everything under control. Step by step, he formed the situation with victory in his grasp.

"Then, it's time to pluck the fruit."

Alliance leader calmly lifted his hand and reached into the flesh and blood vortex on the chessboard in front of him, grabbing at the hall.

At the same time, in the main hall of the County Governor's residence, just as everyone's hearts were in turmoil, the aura of the flesh and blood vortex erupted with huge energy. A large hand wrapped in black flames suddenly stretched out.

This large hand wasn't a human arm but more like a bird's claw. It was the Golden Crow's claw.

However, regardless of whether it was its aura or might, it far surpassed Xu Qing's. After it appeared, it carried endless pressure and terrifying fluctuations as it grabbed at Zi Xuan in the crowd!

There was likewise the aura of a late third stage Nihility cultivator that emitted from the claw, suppressing the surroundings.

A destructive force rumbled and swept out like an avalanche.

Xue Lianzi spat out a mouthful of blood. It was the same for the others. They were unable to resist the great power of the third stage Nihility. It was the same for Zi Xuan.

The Taboo magic treasure of Fenghai County was flickering. Qingqin likewise roared furiously in the sky. However, that ripple from earlier continued to spread, causing everything to be a little slower.

The large paw was about to grab Zi Xuan.

The power of fortune in Fenghai County around Xu Qing erupted, rumbling in all directions and neutralizing the pressure. He then stood up from his seat.

After that, he calmly lifted his right paw and threw a sphere into the flesh vortex.

This sphere had a name, Mid Sphere.

Someone called it the miniature version of the Sun of Dawn.































































?Although the explosive power of Mid Sphere wasn't weak to begin with, there was ultimately an upper limit to its strength. However, after it was fused with a trace of the divine fire that burned the Divine Son in the Moon Worship Region, there was a tremendous change.

This change came from its essence, and was like an upgrade, causing it to some extent embody the characteristics of the Sun of Dawn.

As such, its might was extremely terrifying. The moment it was thrown out by Xu Qing, it ignored all the obstacles in the flesh and blood vortex and the pressure from the Golden Crow claw, and entered the vortex.

It appeared in the capital of the former Heavenly Wind Dynasty. Chen Yangzi's chessboard shook a few times on it, emitting a white light. A terrifying aura rose from it.

Chen Yangzi originally felt he had the upper hand and his expression was relaxed. With all his plans successfully executed, he was confident in this capture.

However, the instant he saw Mid Sphere and sensed its aura, his pupils suddenly contracted. A thunderous shock erupted in his mind. He didn't know what it was, but the intense life-and-death crisis reached its peak, causing every hair on his body to stand on end.

Danger, extreme danger!

The sensation that every inch of his flesh, every bone in his body was trembling and conveying an immensely dangerous message sent chills down Chen Yangzi's spine, causing his mind to churn completely.

The feeling of death surged over.

He knew that he didn't have time to react and couldn't resist. At this moment, the only way out was the chessboard.

Hence, the instant the white light erupted, he directly broke off his hand that had reached into the vortex. In the next breath, the sea of white light spread out fiercely from Mid Sphere with the might to destroy the world.

In the blink of an eye, it covered Chen Yangzi's room.

Everything in this room, including the building itself, the chairs, the chessboard, and Chen Yangzi's body, was reduced to ashes at this moment. They were vaporized by the heat wave and turned into nothingness.

As for the eruption of the white light, it was only the beginning. After the sea of light drowned Chen Yangzi's residence, it rapidly spread in all directions, instantly covering the nearby buildings and the surrounding area.



The buildings collapsed and were reduced into dust. The heatwaves continued to destroy everything in its path.

From afar, the sea of light in that area formed a huge semicircular barrier. Everything inside turned to ashes.

This semicircular light barrier was still rapidly spreading.

There were no mortals in the city. They had long left with the migration of the Heavenly Wind Dynasty.

The ones living in the Imperial City now were all subordinates of the Seventh Prince and forces that had attached themselves to him.

There was no lack of experts among these people. There were many Nihility cultivators and even more Spirit Repository cultivators.

They were either loyalists of the Seventh Prince or had pledged their allegiance to him. They belonged to the troops that the Seventh Prince had established for himself in this vast region.

Every one of them had value to him and was the cornerstone of his future grand ambitions.

Hence, he didn't send them to the frontline and allowed them to stay in this safe imperial city.

However, at this moment, the eruption of the light and the terror it emitted instantly caused all the cultivators in the city to be horrified. The feeling of fear and the danger of death caused everyone's expressions to change drastically.

In the palace, the Seventh Prince was currently with a group of people, discussing the supply needed for the frontline battlefield.

One of them was from Fenghai County. His voice was still echoing in the main hall.

"I think Fenghai County can completely provide the supplies needed at the frontline. After all…"

Before he could finish speaking, a terrifying aura erupted from the location of Chen Yangzi's residence, directly turning the sky extremely bright and the world into nothingness.

It shook the sky and turned it red.

The impact caused the ground to tremble violently.

The expressions of everyone in the hall changed drastically. Waves of heat assaulted their faces and their hair began to burn.

The Seventh Prince instinctively stood up and looked into the distance. Shock appeared on his face. In his pupils, there was a clear reflection of an expanding semicircular light barrier.

"Sun of Dawn!!!"

The Seventh Prince lost his voice.

This calamity continued.

The eruption of the sea of light, accompanied by a scorching wave, surged into the sky, billowing endlessly. It covered a significant portion of the city, spreading to encompass nearly half of it, until it eventually extended to envelop the entire imperial capital, expanding further into a vast area.

The Taboo magic treasure from the Heavenly Wind Dynasty was activated, but it couldn't last long. In a few breaths of time, it shattered into pieces.

Countless cultivators attempted to escape, yet it was useless whether they tried to escape from air, ground, or underground; the sweeping sea of light turned innumerable cultivators into ashes in an instant.

The spread of the scorching waves engulfed too much, the burning human figures, the piercing cries; the imperial city turned into a purgatory on earth.

The sea of light only dissipated after about fifteen minutes. The lingering warmth of the heat wave and the smell of burnt flesh filled this place.

The imperial city… no longer existed.

There was only scorched earth, no buildings, no bones. Everything had turned to dust.

This Heavenly Wind Imperial City that had lasted for countless years was erased today.

Only less than a thousand people survived this calamity. The Seventh Prince was naturally among them but all of them were in an extremely sorry state and each of them had injuries.

At that moment, the disheveled Seventh Prince, who was watching everything from afar, no longer had the calmness he had in the past. His body was trembling and his eyes were red. His emotions had already entered madness.

His demeanor, his pride, and his arrogance all collapsed at this moment.

"Ahhh!!"

"Who is it? Who did it!!"

"Who threw a Sun of Dawn here!!"

The Seventh Prince's voice was heart-rending and his eyes were bloodshot. He couldn't help losing his composure. Even now, he couldn't accept what he was seeing and what he had just experienced.

He couldn't accept that the capital city, which was fine a while ago, had turned into ruins.

He thought of the nearly a million subordinates who were loyal to him, a single word from him can make them flatten everything. There were also those selected from various forces, sects, and clans that had joined him.

Every one of them was his wealth and preparation.

But now… everything was gone.

All his years of preparation were in vain!

The Seventh Prince's heart ached intensely and his face was pale. A mouthful of blood gushed out of his body and his body kept trembling. The veins on his forehead bulged as he let out a miserable scream.

Pain, pain that seeped into his bones and soul!

He couldn't imagine and didn't understand why this happened. Why… might a Sun of Dawn explode here and destroy everything he had?

His heart palpitated with fear. He even almost died.

As a prince, especially a prince who occupied a large region and had a bright future, he had never thought about death. However, today… death was so close to him.

If it wasn't for the fact that King Tian Lan had left some arrangements for him, he might not have been able to see the sun tomorrow!

While the Seventh Prince was trembling in fear, his subordinates finished investigating this matter.

A figure flew out from the scorched earth and dust. After he arrived in front of the Seventh Prince, he immediately knelt down. With blood at the corners of his mouth, he spoke in a low voice.

"Your Highness, we have some results…"

The Seventh Prince abruptly turned his head and stared fixedly at the person in front of him. His breathing was hurried as he went up and grabbed him, gritting his teeth.

"Speak!"

"The source of the eruption of the Sun of Dawn comes from… Chen Yangzi's residence…" The person spoke in a low voice.

"Chen Yangzi was executing the mission His Highness arranged for him regarding Fenghai County. Perhaps… this is revenge from Fenghai County…"

The person didn't dare to continue. With Chen Yangzi's cultivation, even if he self-destructed, it was impossible for him to display the might of the Sun of Dawn. Hence, it wasn't difficult to guess that the cause of this was from the mission he was carrying out.

However, this guess frightened him and the surviving thousand people.

The Seventh Prince's hand trembled and his heart churned uncontrollably. He suddenly looked in the direction of Fenghai County and his eyes were filled with killing intent. If gazes can kill and transform into the Sun of Dawn, then Fenghai County might definitely not exist in his gaze at all.

Unfortunately, he couldn't do it.

"Fenghai County can make the Sun of Dawn. Although its might can't be compared to the real thing, it's still earth-

shattering!!"

"This is the reason why we lost contact with the 10,000-strong army in Fenghai County!"

The Seventh Prince muttered inwardly. He wanted to return to his calm state and suppress the immense pain in his heart. However, his trembling body and the fear hidden in the depths of his eyes faintly exposed his heart.

He was afraid.

"I only asked Chen Yangzi to capture Zi Xuan as a vessel to test Fenghai County… However, Fenghai County actually threw a Sun of Dawn at me…"

"Xu Qing, it must be his order. He's warning me not to provoke him or touch his woman… Xu Qing, you're really ruthless!"

When the Seventh Prince thought of this, he spat out another mouthful of blood and retracted his gaze with great difficulty. He stared blankly at the scorched earth in front of him and finally said through gritted teeth.

"Let's leave this place and hide. We'll wait… wait for my uncle to return!"

The Seventh Prince felt aggrieved, but there was more palpitations and fear. He was worried that… another Sun of Dawn might come in a while.

Before King Tian Lan returned, he didn't want to provoke Fenghai County. He also didn't dare to. He felt that they were a group of lunatics, terrifying lunatics who had control of Sun of Dawn.

At the same time, the instance this Heavenly Wind Capital was wiped out by the explosion of Mid Sphere, in the main hall of Fenghai County's County Governor's residence, the flesh and blood vortex collapsed.

Chen Yangzi's outstretched Golden Crow hand landed on the ground. After rapidly squirming, it transformed into Chen Yangzi's extremely weak body.

After one's cultivation attained a certain level, as long as their bodies weren't completely destroyed, it wouldn't be difficult for them to regenerate. However, the price was very high.

As for Chen Yangzi's previous choice, it was his only way out. Only by cutting off his arm and regenerating himself with the help of his arm can he survive that fatal situation.

At that moment, after his broken hand transformed into his body, he immediately stepped back. His face was pale and his expression was solemn. There was horror in his eyes as he looked at the collapsed flesh and blood vortex and then instinctively looked at Xu Qing.

"You… What did you throw in just now?"































































Facing the question from Chen Yangzi, Xu Qing originally wasn't willing to say anything. However, when he looked at Zi Xuan's ashen expression and recalled the arrangements of the alliance leader, as well as the expressions of the surrounding Fenghai County cultivators,

he calmly spoke.

"Sun of Dawn."

The moment he said this, the expressions of everyone in the hall changed drastically. Regardless of whether it was Xue Lianzi, Zi Xuan, or the other Fenghai County cultivators who stayed behind to guard, they all gasped in disbelief.

"Sun of Dawn?"

"Wha… wha…"

An uproar broke out. Chen Yangzi's shocked voice surpassed everything and echoed ear-piercingly.

"The Sun of Dawn?!"

"You, you, you…"

Chen Yangzi's body trembled violently. At first, he didn't believe it, but the destruction of his main body and the terrifying light and heat in the last scene made it impossible for him to deceive himself.

However, when he thought about how his main body was in the Seventh Prince's imperial city…

He thought of the close to a million loyal subordinates of the Seventh Prince and the people who had sought refuge from the various sects in the large region. He thought of how they were troops the Seventh Prince was developing and were everything that the other party had prepared over the years…

Chen Yangzi trembled uncontrollably and his heart shook intensely. Goosebumps instantly erupted all over his body.

He could imagine that the explosion of the Sun of Dawn would definitely cover the entire Imperial City and the lethality it would bring would definitely be extremely terrifying.

Although the source of all this was Fenghai County, the flesh and blood vortex he opened had become an accomplice.

In fact… if someone said he was truly an accomplice, enduring humiliation and falsely joining the Seventh Prince to fulfill this great mission, many people would believe it.



All of this would make it impossible for him to gain a foothold in the human race, and King Tian Lan would definitely tear his soul apart.

More importantly, if the Seventh Prince died…

"How dare you lie! How could you have the Sun of Dawn!!"

Chen Yangzi screamed. In the end, he still lost his composure and looked at Xu Qing in disbelief. Terror rumbled in his body like an avalanche.

He spat out a mouthful of blood and staggered back. The bitterness in his heart was like a tide, drowning him.

He felt aggrieved and helpless.

All his schemes had succeeded and everything was going smoothly. However, the final outcome was something he had never imagined.

"It was just a probe. You… you actually threw out the Sun of Dawn!"

Chen Yangzi spat out another mouthful of blood.

In his mind, there was an unspeakable thought. He actually wanted to say, 'Since you had the Sun of Dawn, couldn't you just show it to me, let the Seventh Prince see it?'

After seeing it, who would dare to provoke them…

Why bother…

This thought made him feel even more bitter.

Under the collapse of his main body, his cultivation base also dropped greatly, falling from the third stage of Nihility. Even the second stage Nihility cultivation wasn't stable. His entire aura was chaotic and he was between the first and second stage of Nihility.

Moreover, from the looks of it, it would probably be very difficult to maintain this state for too long.

Hence, he didn't hesitate at all. At this moment, he immediately retreated, wanting to escape with his life. Even though he could still hold on and attack now, Xu Qing's ruthlessness caused him to be afraid.

He was afraid from the depths of his soul.

He was worried that there was still the Sun of Dawn, but he was even more worried about… Qingqin in the sky and the Taboo magic treasure of Fenghai County.

After losing enough cultivation, he knew that today was the most critical moment of his life.

 The instant he retreated, Xue Lianzi rushed out and Zi Xuan also walked over. The cawing sound of Qingqin rang out from the sky and a powerful aura descended as it swooped down.

In an instant, it appeared above the County Governor Residence. The pressure from it enveloped the surroundings and a monstrous cawing sound rang out.

Seeing this, Chen Yangzi could only suppress the fear in his heart. His expression distorted and he let out a heart-rending cry.

"Xu Qing, I was the one who arranged for the 10,000 people who escaped from the battlefield in Fenghai County to survive. I left a soul mark on their bodies. If I die, their bodies and souls will instantly be destroyed!"

"Even if you can undo it, it will still take time. If you seal me, I will definitely self-destruct my soul. When my soul is destroyed, they will be buried with me."

"Let me go. This way, you'll also have time to undo the mark. It will be worth it for you to spare my life for the 10,000 Fenghai cultivators!"

Chen Yangzi was indeed a cautious person and had extraordinary schemes. Even at this stage, he still had a backup plan. Now that he said this, Xue Lianzi and the others couldn't help but pause.

Even Qingqin wasn't confident that it could remove the soul mark while killing Chen Yangzi. It was just a large bird and removing the seal wasn't its forte.

The situation seemed to be in a stalemate. However, Xu Qing's expression was as usual. He didn't bother with Chen Yangzi, who was struggling to survive. Instead, he lifted his head and looked at the sky.

Things that others couldn't do might be easily resolved by ninth grandfather. Xu Qing was about to request him.

However, at this moment, his expression changed slightly and ninth grandfather's voice rang out in his mind.

However, the other party's words caused Xu Qing's expression to instinctively turn strange.

He looked at Chen Yangzi, who was constantly retreating with disheveled hair and a crazed expression. He chose to obey.

He calmly spoke.

"Slap!"

As soon as Xu Qing finished speaking, the color of the sky changed and a storm brewed. Lightning intertwined in the sky and the world became blurry.

A vast force suddenly descended, causing the building to rumble and tremble. Everyone had shocked expressions. Chen Yangzi's entire body trembled even more and his mind was about to collapse.

It was as though Xu Qing's voice was the law, the rule, and the will of the world. The moment it was transmitted, the law followed. After this force arrived, it directly transformed into an invisible palm that ruthlessly slapped Chen Yangzi's face.

With a boom, Chen Yangzi let out an even more miserable wail and was sent flying. His right side of the face turned into minced meat.

Everyone could sense the intense pain that Chen Yangzi was enduring at this moment.

He instinctively let out a blood-curdling scream and his mind went blank. He felt as though an unimaginable force had slammed into him like a mountain.

He couldn't resist or dodge. Before he could react, Xu Qing's words rang out again.

"Again!"

The laws landed and blasted out again. Chen Yangzi's cry turned into a wail. The left side of his face was bombarded by this huge force and his head almost fell off. He no longer looked human.

His body was also slapped back from afar and landed in front of Xu Qing.

Blood gushed out of his mouth and neck continuously. The Golden Crow that manifested on his body also began to shatter in an extremely tragic manner.

"This use of the rules, you, you, you… What's your cultivation base!!"

After landing on the ground, Chen Yangzi struggled and spoke weakly. His expression was filled with fear. He only had horror in his mind, and felt what he experienced now was even more shocking than when he heard about the Sun of Dawn.

This was because he knew that making the rules, the laws, and the will of the world bend to one's will wasn't something Nihility could do…

"Kneel."

Xu Qing didn't answer and calmly spoke.

As soon as he finished speaking, Chen Yangzi wailed again. His legs collapsed and completely shattered. However, they didn't disappear. Instead, they gathered again, as though they were born bent.

Hence, he could only kneel.

"Soul Accumulation…" Chen Yangzi's heart exploded. He looked at Xu Qing and then at Zi Xuan, his eyes revealing a pleading look for the first time.

"Junior Sister, on account that we were once from the same sect and on account of Master, let me off this time…"

Zi Xuan fell silent and shook her head.

Chen Yangzi was in despair. His eyes were filled with madness and he was about to attempt mutual destruction.

Xu Qing calmly spoke.

"Deprivation!"

As his voice rang out, the world rumbled. His will formed a large hand that scooped up Chen Yangzi's body. Chen Yangzi let out a blood-curdling scream and his body began to shatter, causing boundless spiritual energy to fly out.

His cultivation was deprived at this moment.

Only his physical body and soul were left.

"Flesh and blood turn into a candle and the soul turns into a wick."

Xu Qing spoke again. In the blink of an eye, Chen Yangzi's body distorted severely. He was squeezed and molded. In the end, he turned into a flesh candle!

The candle was lit, his soul became the wick, burning continuously.

Miserable cries that didn't sound like a human's rang out continuously as the candle burned.

Xu Qing lifted his hand and held the candle in his hand. He then turned and strode to Zi Xuan's side, placing the candle in front of her.

"This is for you, a small gift."

Xu Qing hesitated for a moment before speaking.

Zi Xuan looked at Xu Qing. She didn't expect Xu Qing to do this. According to her understanding of Xu Qing, this didn't seem to be the other party's style but it didn't matter. At this moment, an intense strange feeling rose in Zi Xuan's heart.

She took the candle and her eyes shone intensely.

She was going to place this outside her cave abode in a lantern and let it continue to burn.

The hall was completely silent. Only the screams from the candle could still be heard.

Xue Lianzi's eyes were filled with admiration. He looked at his only grand-disciple and felt incomparable admiration in his heart. He felt that Xu Qing was really good to understand what it meant to have a blood romance, reminiscent of his own youthful demeanor.

Under everyone's gazes, Xu Qing raised his head and looked at the sky. He then cupped his fists and bowed.

Old Ninth's cold voice rang out in his mind.

"Some enemies need to be killed with a single strike."

"However, against enemies who provoke your women, if you kill them too quickly, it desire be less satisfying."

"Therefore, you have to torture and cripple them bit by bit before turning them into a gift."

"This is the way to move a woman's heart. This old man has experience in this matter. Back then, I helped many people do this."

Xu Qing had a strange expression. This was the first time he had heard ninth grandfather speak so much. He didn't expect the usually cold ninth grandfather to be so experienced.

Hence, he could only nod. However, when he noticed the spirit in Zi Xuan's eyes, Xu Qing perceived that what ninth grandfather uttered might be right.

However, he still perceived that the enemy should be killed with a single strike. It couldn't be delayed.

"Only this once." Xu Qing mumbled inwardly.































































The crisis in Fenghai County temporarily disappeared with Chen Yangzi's transformation into a candle and the Seventh Prince going into hiding.

The rebellion in Fenghai County also ended very quickly.

On one hand, it was because of Old Master Seventh suppressing the rebellion extremely fast, but the bigger reason was the news that the Imperial City had been wiped out by the Sun of Dawn, spreading rapidly throughout the entire Holy Wave Large Region.

The various nonhuman races on the Forbidden Sea were shocked to the extreme upon hearing this news, trembling with fear. Their awe for Fenghai County surged to the peak.

Regardless of the race, they all possessed some negative qualities.

And the Sun of Dawn was specially useful against such negative qualities.

Its deterrence could crush all schemes and shake all hearts, especially… when its release made everyone see death.

No one knew how Fenghai County had created the Sun of Dawn or if they still had more left.

No one dared to gamble.

This was because when the Sun of Dawn first appeared, the first race to gamble was the Black Heaven. They suffered a huge loss and were close to extermination, warning all the others of the price of gambling.

If even the Black Heaven Race had to retreat in fear, there was no need to mention the other parties.

Hence, the nonhuman races who surrounded the Seven Blood Eyes retreated immediately. They also sent out apology gifts with an extremely respectful attitude, wanting to resolve the grudge.

However, how could things be resolved so easily? War wasn't something that could be started and stopped just because you wanted to. Hence, Old Master Seventh personally went to many nonhuman races and signed a series of unequal agreements.

From then on, these nonhuman races' statuses would be even inferior to the merfolks back then. They were firmly locked under Fenghai County.



In an instant, the might of Fenghai County rose illustriously in the entire Holy Wave Large Region.

Xu Qing's name once again echoed in all directions, not only in Fenghai County, but also in the Forbidden Sea, the Nanhuang Continent, and the entire Holy Wave Large Region.

Many historians had a dazed feeling during this period of time. There seemed to have been a similar incident in this land in a bygone era.

That era belonged to the Purple Green Kingdom and belonged to the Crown Prince Purple Green who was equally famous as the Human Sovereign Mirror Cloud.

Now, countless years had passed and Fenghai County had risen. Xu Qing… had risen.

Because his name had the word 'Qing' in it, there were some races who guessed that Xu Qing might have the bloodline of the Purple Green Kingdom.

However, it was only a guess.

At the same time, Marquis Yao's side also successfully saved the 10,000-odd Fenghai County cultivators including Kong Xianglong.

The moment these cultivators who had experienced countless life-and-death situations returned, Xu Qing personally led the people from Fenghai County to welcome them outside the city.

When they met, the excited voices of everyone in the army spread in all directions.

Most of them had thought that death would be their only home. They felt that it was impossible for them to return to Fenghai County again.

Now that they saw the Fenghai County Capital, some of them started tearing up.

Xu Qing looked at them and his heart stirred. He was familiar with many of these people. Among them were his comrades and friends.

One of the latter was Kong Xianglong.

Kong Xianglong's injuries weren't light, and his appearance was clearly more weathered compared to a few years ago. His personality had also changed.

The past unrestrained demeanor had vanished, replaced by a reserved and serious disposition, becoming the entirety of his expression.

Looking at him, Xu Qing vaguely saw the old Palace Master's figure.

Kong Xianglong's cultivation had advanced. As the former number one heaven's chosen in Fenghai County, his cultivation had already reached the perfected Nascent Soul realm and was half a step into the Dao Nurturing stage.

This cultivation speed was second only to Xu Qing. From this, one could see that he had worked hard in the past few years and definitely had other opportunities.

At that moment, he was in front of the crowd and looked at Xu Qing. A slight ripple appeared in his eyes as he walked toward Xu Qing.

Xu Qing also stepped forward. Under the gazes of everyone and amidst the excitement and sounds of welcome from Fenghai County, Xu Qing and Kong Xianglong hugged each other tightly.

 Immediately after, Kong Xianglong took three steps back and knelt on one knee. He then performed a Sword Holder salute and spoke in a deep voice.

"Greetings, County Governor!"

His voice echoed and the ten thousand troops behind him knelt down as well.

Xu Qing took a deep breath and nodded as he looked at these people.

"Welcome home!"

Cheers rose to the sky.

At this moment, everyone in Fenghai County was united.

On the seventh day after Kong Xianglong returned, Xu Qing received a message from Zhang San. His great wing had been built.

Building a great wing wasn't something Zhang San could do alone. Hence, some time ago, he left and went to the Seven Blood Eyes. He even brought them to the Sea Corpse Race's island.

With the help of the Seven Blood Eyes' Taboo magic treasure, he forged a great wing for Xu Qing.

Although there were some twists and turns because of the plan of the alliance leader and the appearance of the nonhuman races in the Forbidden Sea, overall, the construction went quite smoothly.

Now, the forging was finally completed, and the only thing left was for Xu Qing to install the power source.

After hearing this news, anticipation rose in Xu Qing's heart.

Xu Qing had a deep relationship with the magic boat that had been with him since he started cultivating. After all, in the past, he lived in the magic boat every day and it had helped him resolve dangers time and time again.

Hence, Xu Qing left the county capital immediately. He sat on the neck of the big bird, Qingqin, and rushed toward the Sea Corpse Race's island.

Qingqin was very happy that it could go out with Xu Qing again. It kept cackling along the way, as though it was chatting.

Xu Qing was also in a good mood. From time to time, he would smile and speak, talking happily with Qingqin. Occasionally, Qingqin's entire body would emit light. Every time this happened, Xu Qing would cooperate and emit rainbow light.

Qingqin became even happier.

In a day, they crossed the land of Fenghai County. When they passed by the Ghost Emperor Mountain, Xu Qing glanced at it from the sky and sighed with emotion.

He knew that his third senior brother was cultivating here. However, he didn't see him after a brief look.

The current him was no longer the same as before. Hence, he was very clear how powerful the Soul Accumulation that could shoulder two large worlds was.

Even the heir only had a large world. Only Princess Mingmei and ninth grandfather had two.

As for the Ghost Emperor, he was clearly someone who was good at fighting like ninth grandfather.

Such a Soul Accumulation two worlds cultivator who was good at fighting naturally had even more terrifying combat strength.

"He's not just two great worlds!" When Xu Qing stared at the mountain, he heard Old Ninth's cold voice.

"There are still traces of the other three great worlds on his body. It's a pity that the source was destroyed. He was an almighty Soul Accumulation with five worlds at his peak!"

"This person isn't a cultivator from my era. He should be from the later generations but he's peerlessly stunning."

Old Ninth's cold voice also contained a hint of emotion as he continued.

"The person who killed him isn't a god but a ruler. Xu Qing, you have inherited a portion of his mantle. In the future, you might attract some karma in another region."

"However, before you suffer the karma, his souls will suffer calamity first. You have to remember that if one of his souls dies, you have to return to the Moon Offering immediately."

Xu Qing's heart trembled. He glanced at the Ghost Emperor Mountain but didn't speak.

Qingqin didn't notice this at all. She brought Xu Qing away from the Ghost Emperor Mountain and flew above the Forbidden Sea until they arrived at the island of the Sea Corpse Race.

In the past, the most obvious things on the Sea Corpse Race's island were the huge Ancestral Corpse Statues. These statues were incomparably tall and imposing, providing sufficient power for the Seven Blood Eyes' Taboo magic treasure.

Other than that, there was the astonishing blood-colored ancient mirror in the air and the nine eyes that were closed.

Now, all of this was replaced by an even more majestic item!

It was a gigantic sphere that was comparable to half an island!

Its color was purple and its light was resplendent. One could see its earth-shattering splendor from afar. It was like a sun that had landed on the human world. It emitted endless light and dense flames burned in the surroundings.

The high temperature fused with the storm and spread in all directions.

Or rather, this… was a sun.

One could see hundreds of thousands of Seven Blood Eyes cultivators on the island. They were waiting for Xu Qing's arrival.

The moment Xu Qing saw the sun, he was stunned for a moment and his expression became strange. As expected, he saw the captain's figure beside Zhang San in the distance.

The two of them were talking about something. After noticing Xu Qing, the captain laughed and strode toward Xu Qing.

"Little Qing, how is it? Are you satisfied with this great wing?"

The captain spoke proudly.

Xu Qing's gaze swept past the gigantic purple sun. He could sense the ancient sun that he had once tied to his body.

Back then, when the captain fought with Crimson Goddess, although he used the Suns of Dawn, he didn't use the ancient sun.

Zhang San, who was at the side, smiled bitterly and sighed at Xu Qing.

"This wasn't what I designed at the start, but the captain uttered that you like the sun… After that, he even took out a large sphere as the core and told me that it was the Sun of Dawn…"

"I didn't believe it at first, but now, I do!"

After Zhang San finished speaking, he pointed at the purple sun.

"This item is a Sun of Dawn!"

Xu Qing remained silent.

The captain threw his head back and laughed loudly. His expression was extremely smug as he put his hand around Xu Qing's neck and spoke loudly.

"In the future, if we go anywhere else, we'll ride this thing and see who dares to provoke us. If we sit on the Sun of Dawn, we'll definitely cause all races to be terrified."

"Doesn't your magic boat have to explode every time? It's fine. This time, you can explode it casually. If anyone provokes us, we'll f*cking explode it!"

"Also, I heard that some races in the Holy Wave Large Region are guessing that we don't have a second Sun of Dawn. Now, who dares to say no? I'll place this Sun of Dawn at their doorstep!"

Xu Qing opened his mouth and wanted to say something, but he couldn't say anything. However, he kept feeling that while he would feel mighty sitting on the Sun of Dawn, the danger was too great. If this thing exploded on its own…

Moreover, this was different from the great wing he had imagined. This was completely a fortress.

However, this deterrence was indeed… extremely astonishing.

Qingqin, who was at the side, also took a deep breath and let out a cackling sound. Xu Qing understood that it was saying how terrifying this thing was.

"Little Qing, I already have a name for it. It's named Purple Sphere. Look, this name sounds good, right?"

"Now, our Purple Sphere is just waiting for you to put in the power source. I know what you want to put in it. Haha, I also want to see what kind of vigor the Purple Sphere can display after merging with Crimson Goddess' flesh!"

The captain's eyes lit up with excitement, as though he wasn't afraid of things blowing up.































































Xu Qing lifted his head and glanced at the huge Purple Sphere in the distance before walking over.

As he got closer, the vastness of the Purple Sphere was reflected in his eyes. Flames burned on it and the high temperature distorted the world. At the same time, a familiar fluctuation entered Xu Qing's mind.

This fluctuation was composed of two parts. One of them was the mark of his former warship.

Although the magic warship had been broken up when it was upgraded to the great wing, it was still the foundation of the great wing.

Another portion of the fluctuations came from the ancient sun.

The ancient sun was tied to Xu Qing in the Moon Offering Region for a long time and had long established a close relationship with him. At that moment, through these two fluctuations, Xu Qing felt a sense of familiarity to this Purple Sphere.

As long as he imprinted his mark again and fused these two fluctuations, he would be able to control Purple Sphere.

Sensing the fluctuations, Xu Qing walked step by step to the top of Purple sphere. He stood there and took a deep breath. His divine consciousness spread out toward Purple Sphere.

Very soon, it came into contact without any obstruction and directly fused into it before rapidly spreading out.

This process lasted for more than ten breaths of time. After Xu Qing's divine consciousness completely filled the Purple Sphere, rumbling sounds rang out from the huge sun.

It was like a sleeping behemoth was awakening.

Its flames also skyrocketed and its aura was even more astonishing. Its entire body was shaking and finally, it slowly rose above Xu Qing like a true sun.

Xu Qing stood under it. His long hair fluttered in the wind and his extraordinarily beautiful appearance became quite conspicuous now. His aura also fused with the purple sun and was indistinguishable. This caused a pressure to spread outwards from his body.



In everyone's eyes, it became a strong sense of oppression.

It was also at this moment that the captain's voice rang out.

"All the best, Little Qing. The time to witness a miracle has arrived. Although the might of this Purple Sphere isn't small, it's still inferior to the true Sun of Dawn."

"When the Sun of Dawn explodes, it can affect half of a region. When the Purple Sphere explodes, it will at most affect half of a province."

"However, it's fine. According to my calculations, after it successfully fuses with the flesh of Crimson Goddess, its might will increase explosively like never before. However, I suggest that we don't try it here. Let's change places, such as Corpse Forbidden?"

The captain licked his lips. The light in his eyes was intense, revealing madness.

In reality, if it wasn't for the fact that the purple sun had Xu Qing's mark and only when Xu Qing controlled it would there be a chance of success, he would have tried it himself long ago.

Xu Qing lowered his head and glanced at the captain. After pondering for a moment, his body swayed and he appeared on the purple sun.

A throne rose under him. Xu Qing sat down and spread out his divine sense.

Immediately, a loud sound rang out from the purple sun. It was like the roar of a god as it charged into the distance.

Its speed was so fast that it instantly flew out of the range of the Sea Corpse Island. The captain also rapidly approached and flew into the ship with anticipation on his face, standing beside Xu Qing.

At the next instant, the purple sun disappeared, leaving only circles of ripples spreading in the air.

On the Forbidden Sea, when the purple sun appeared again, it was already above the Corpse Forbidden.

There was no blood in the black seawater but it was filled with the dense smell of blood. There were also anomalous substances that were different from other places that churned here, causing the surface of the sea to be covered in thin fog.

Originally, the fog here blotted out the sky. However, it was obvious that what had happened in the past had a profound impact on this forbidden region.

"This place is very suitable. Little Qing, you can do it. Put a large piece of Crimson Goddess' flesh to try."

The captain looked at the Corpse Forbidden below and his eyes lit up. His madness became even more intense.

Xu Qing turned to look at the captain and calmly spoke.

"Eldest Senior Brother, you're so proactive. What plans do you have about this Corpse Forbidden?"

When the captain heard this, he immediately turned serious and spoke solemnly.

"Junior Brother, how can you say that? As your Eldest Senior Brother, I'm naturally especially concerned about the increase in your combat strength. Every time you improve, I value it more than my own improvements."

Xu Qing was expressionless. He didn't believe the captain's nonsense. He could more or less guess the other party's thoughts. Hence, he stared at him without saying a word.

 A long time later, under Xu Qing's gaze, the captain smiled awkwardly and spoke in a low voice.

"Little Qing, Corpse Forbidden doesn't have a master now. This is the best place to experiment. If… the Purple Sphere really explodes, it might be able to blast open the nest of the master of the Corpse Forbidden. That guy had countless treasures when he was alive!"

"Although the self-destruction after Purple Sphere's failure is very dangerous, what isn't dangerous in this world? Can it be more dangerous than confronting Crimson Goddess? Don't worry, even if this life comes to an end, when I revive in the next era, I'll resurrect you!"

The captain licked his lips and patted his chest.

"Moreover, according to my guess, after merging with the flesh of Crimson Goddess, there's only a 30% chance that Purple Sphere will self-destruct. There's a 70% chance that it will succeed."

"Think about it. Once we succeed, this thing will be even more terrifying than the real Sun of Dawn. At that time, we won't even need to cultivate. We'll bring this thing and sweep through all races."

The more he spoke, the more excited he became.

"Little Qing, give it a try!"

Xu Qing's face twitched. He knew that the captain was crazy and that the other party liked to risk his life. However, Xu Qing felt that it was better not to participate in such meaningless actions.

He was about to refuse when the captain quickly took out a piece of Crimson Goddess' flesh. There was a golden jade slip stuffed inside and teleportation fluctuations spread out.

Xu Qing swept his gaze over.

The captain coughed and took out the jade slip, tossing it to Xu Qing.

"This is my new invention. After absorbing the divine source of Crimson Goddess, this jade slip can withstand the suppression of the level and successfully teleport. So, don't be afraid. We won't die."

Xu Qing fell silent. He looked at the jade slip and then at the purple sun. The anticipation of integrating the purple sun with Crimson Goddess' flesh gradually rose and madness similar to the captain's appeared in his eyes.

Hence, after some hesitation, determination appeared in his eyes. As he lifted his right hand, a purple worm materialized in his palm. He waved his hand and fused it into the teleportation jade slip, teleporting it out first.

After cultivating until now, to a certain extent, he also possessed the ability to revive.

After doing this, Xu Qing took out a fist-sized lump of Crimson Goddess' flesh.

As soon as this flesh appeared, the anomalous substances here instantly erupted. The color of the sky changed and a storm brewed.

The captain's spirits were lifted and he instinctively retreated. At the same time, he took out the second golden teleportation jade slip and held it tightly in his hand. When he noticed Xu Qing's actions with the purple worm, he hurriedly sent a blue worm away first.

Seeing that the captain was also prepared, Xu Qing took a deep breath and was about to fuse Crimson Goddess' flesh into the purple sun. However, at that moment, a cold voice echoed in their surroundings.

"The two of you are very good at courting death and choosing places. This place is a treasure land with good feng shui."

"It's suitable to be your grave."

The captain blinked. Xu Qing lifted his head and looked in the direction of the voice. He saw ninth grandfather's figure appearing from afar. He walked in front of Xu Qing and lowered his head to look at the purple sun before nodding slightly.

"Pretty good. With this item and the flesh of Crimson Goddess, it's enough to send you guys on your way. In terms of probability, it's basically 99%. Even if you guys split your divine source in advance, whether your main body can really revive after being instantly destroyed will depend on fate."

"However, your teleportation jade slip should be able to send some of your belongings away. I admire your ability to court death."

"So now, do you have any last words?"

Old Ninth looked at Xu Qing and then at Erniu.

Xu Qing didn't say anything and silently kept the flesh of Crimson Goddess, dispelling the thought of merging it into the purple sun. He felt that since the failure rate was so high, the self-destruction of the purple sun in the future should be used in a more suitable location to display its greatest effect.

He couldn't waste it like this.

The most important thing was to maintain a sufficient distance or successfully teleport away before it self-destructed.

The captain shrunk his head and felt a little unwilling. However, he felt that ninth grandfather's words should be more reliable than his guess. If the possibility of success was really only that small, it didn't seem to be that cost-effective to risk his life.

At the thought of this, the captain smiled awkwardly and Old Ninth sneered.

"Aren't the two of you courting death?"

Xu Qing shook his head and so did the captain.

Old Ninth let out a cold snort and walked into the void, disappearing. Only Xu Qing and the captain were departed on the surface of the sea. The two of them peeked at each other.

The captain sighed and whispered.

"It's a bit regretful. Why do I feel like being stopped by an adult before setting off fireworks? But once we succeed, we'll have the deterrent power to destroy a region. At that time, even the Human Emperor will have to treat us with respect!"

"I'm not willing."

Xu Qing nodded. He also felt some regret. He raised his hand and pressed down on the purple sun. Immediately, the Purple Sphere shrunk and transformed into a small ball that landed in his hand. He tied it to his waist. After that, he looked around and transmitted his divine sense to the captain.

"Eldest Senior Brother, there's no hurry. Let's make preparations. When we're more confident, we'll integrate it!"

The captain bowed with a serious expression.

"Junior Brother, you're right. I'll prepare well too. If there's a chance, we'll go to my ex-wife's place and set off a big firework for her!"

As he spoke, he put his arm around Xu Qing's neck and the two of them left.

In the air, Old Ninth sighed. He perceived that these two people were really courting death. However, when he thought of how they dared to plot against Crimson Goddess with their Nascent Soul cultivation a few years ago…

He suddenly perceived that everything was fine.

At the same time, in the Black Spirit Region, on the Black Heaven Race's battlefield, the war had reached a critical moment.

King Tian Lan led his subordinates to fight against the Black Heaven Race cultivators. Blood flowed like a river and immortal arts descended one after another, with wisps of souls rising.

The Black Heaven Race continued to retreat, eventually gathering together. In the center were seventeen cultivators dressed in purple robes, offering prayers to the sky, performing some kind of ceremony.

"Master of the New Moon, guide the Wanggu. Mourn for all living beings, and enjoy paradise."

"Sacrificing our bodies for our lord, this life is not painful, with dawn and dusk as the curtain, our bodies remain incorruptible."

"The new moon's master was born in Wanggu, all beings respectfully call him Lord Purple."

"Sacrificing our souls for our lord, on the other side, there is grace, the melody of eternal joy, and another life awaits."

King Tian Lan's aura was like a rainbow. When he saw this scene, he sneered.

"God descent? Your god is in a deep sleep and won't care about you at all."

Although that was the case, King Tian Lan's heart trembled. This was because he could tell that the being who was mentioned in the prayer wasn't the Red Moon and Crimson Goddess but a Lord Purple he had never heard of.

King Tian Lan narrowed his eyes and wasn't willing to delay. He waved his hand and rushed out. A large number of cultivators followed behind him, wanting to kill the Black Heaven Race army in front of them.

However, at that moment, the bright sky that was once formed by the explosion of the Sun of Dawn suddenly turned purple. A huge purple star actually emerged in the sky and slowly landed with a terrifying pressure.































































At the same time, on the turbulent Forbidden Sea, Xu Qing, who was returning to Fenghai County with the captain, suddenly paused. A hint of confusion appeared on his face as he turned to look into the distance.

Vaguely, some voices seemed to be echoing in his mind, and he saw some blurry scenes flashing in front of him.

However, the scene wasn't clear and was a mess like ink had dropped into water.

Xu Qing's pause and the expression on his face surprised the captain. He followed Xu Qing's gaze and looked at the distant world, but saw nothing.

Hence, he asked curiously.

"Little Qing, what's wrong? What are you looking at?"

Xu Qing didn't reply, his expression becoming increasingly blank. It was only after a long time when the captain asked again that Xu Qing's expression recovered. He looked in the direction of the Black Spirit Region and spoke hesitantly.

"It felt like someone was summoning me."

"They summoned something I originally thought didn't exist."

Xu Qing mumbled.

At the same time, on the Black Heaven Race's battlefield, the purple star descended from the sky, emitting purple light that covered the sky, causing the originally bright sky to instantly dim.

At this moment, the land and all living beings were covered in purple light.

A terrifying aura emitted from this Purple Moon Star.

Most of the visible sky was enveloped by this purple star. As it arrived, the cultivators from both sides could clearly see the craters on it.



On this Purple Moon Star, there was a huge stele that shone with a resplendent light.

A divine aura erupted into the sky, distorting the world and blurring the world. The anomalous substances turned into fog, rising from everywhere. There were also countless purple worms in the fog.

They were sometimes corporeal and sometimes illusory. Wherever they passed, the sky and earth would change color.

On the battlefield, the hearts of King Tian Lan's subordinates rumbled. All of them were panting and their bodies were trembling under this pressure.

As for the Black Heaven Race's side, those priests in purple robes had extremely pious expressions and their prayers became increasingly impassioned.

The other members of the Black Heaven Race were all excited and knelt down toward the Purple Moon in the sky.

Clearly, to them, the descent of the Purple Moon meant that their god hadn't given up on them. The god… was still around!

All of this was like a shocking thunderbolt to King Tian Lan in the air.

As a Soul Accumulation cultivator, he naturally knew how terrifying a god was. He also understood that with his combat strength, he had no chance of counterattacking against a god.

"What the hell is going on!!"

"Did Crimson Goddess awaken? No, their prayers didn't say Crimson Goddess but Lord Purple!"

"I've never heard of this Lord Purple. Could He be transformed from Crimson Goddess? Or an ancient god that no one knows about?"

King Tian Lan's heart trembled. He could sense that the Purple Moon Star was real. The pressure, aura, and the purple worm fog that appeared in the surroundings were all genuine.

This was completely a god's descent!

All the emotions transformed into a storm that rumbled in his heart like monstrous waves.

He didn't hesitate at all and couldn't care less about the life and death of his subordinates. The only thought that appeared in his mind was to escape!

Before that Purple Lord appeared, he would do his best to escape.

Only then would he have a chance of survival.

King Tian Lan gritted his teeth and let out a shout.

"Retreat!"

With that, he instantly turned around and flew straight for the distance with his fastest speed.

 As a Soul Accumulation expert and one of the 18 Heavenly Kings who participated in the battle of the Black Heaven Race this time, he didn't want to die.

He was well aware that this battle between the human race and the Black Heaven Race was jointly launched from more than ten directions against the two large regions of the Black Heaven Race, with each Heavenly King responsible for one direction.

So, even if he failed here, the impact on the overall situation wouldn't be fatal. However, it would pose an obstacle to the Seventh Prince's takeover of the Holy Wave and he wouldn't fulfill his promise to the Human Emperor.

However, compared to his life, these… were naturally nothing.

In that instant, King Tian Lan's figure disappeared under the Purple Moon Star and continued to warp into the distance. His departure caused the subordinates on the ground to feel bitter. All of their eyes revealed despair as they started to retreat in all directions.

However, they knew that in front of a god, the possibility of their retreat succeeding was extremely slim.

As for the Black Heaven Race's side, they didn't take the opportunity to attack. After the prayer ended, they quickly retreated. With the help of the Purple Moon's pressure, the Black Heaven Race's army broke free from their fatal situation and retreated.

Just like that, time slowly passed. The Black Heaven Race's side had already left. The retreating subordinates of King Tian Lan gradually had doubts because… they didn't see the god appear.

In fact, the Purple Moon in the sky began to fade. The distortions and blurriness in the surroundings also slowly dissipated. The anomalous substances seemed to be mainly illusory. Their true lethality was far inferior to what the pressure and aura showed.

It was as though… this was just an illusion.

At the next moment, the Purple Moon Star in the sky completely dissipated. Everything between heaven and earth recovered.

On the ground, the subordinates of King Tian Lan all had blank expressions. Very soon, someone reacted. They… had been tricked!

This wasn't a god's descent. This was more like an illusion spell.

This realization caused everyone's hearts to stir. Soon, a rainbow rushed over in the sky and King Tian Lan returned.

His expression was ugly and extremely gloomy. His eyes were filled with anger and the murderous aura in his heart had already become extremely dense and was rapidly spreading.

Previously, he had instinctively fled. After fleeing for a distance, he reacted and had an inkling.

Hence, he returned after probing and witnessed the scene of Purple Moon disappearing.

All of this made him understand that he had… been duped!

At that moment, his anger rumbled and his eyes turned red as he stared fixedly into the distance.

That was the direction the Black Heaven Race's army and the 17 priests had fled in.

If it wasn't for his wrong judgment, these Black Heaven Race troops would probably have been destroyed by him at this moment. Especially the 17 priests inside who were his strategic goal.

They would also be killed by him.

His side of the war would end.

He would have completed his promise to the Human Emperor and let the Seventh Prince truly obtain the Holy Wave Large Region as a fief.

And he would return victorious.

But now, an accident had happened.

Under the gazes of everyone, he was actually frightened away by the Black Heaven Race.

This was humiliation, extreme humiliation.

At the thought of this, his anger overflowed into the sky. On one hand, this anger came from his fear earlier, and on the other hand, it came from his prestige being stepped upon.

Hence, King Tian Lan immediately issued a decree to his army.

"Listen up, chase after the remnants of the Black Heaven Race. Kill all the cultivators of the Black Heaven Race!"

His voice echoed through the battlefield, but his subordinates weren't as fanatical as before. They had seen the scene of King Tian Lan escaping earlier and sensed mixed emotions.

The dignity from the Soul Accumulation caused them to only listen to orders.

However, a deputy general in charge of setting up the immortal art couldn't help but rise into the air and arrive in front of King Tian Lan.

"Heavenly King, the immortal art hasn't spread further. It will take some time for it to spread. If we rashly pursue…"

King Tian Lan's expression was cold as he turned to look at the deputy general in front of him.

"You are disobeying?"

"I wouldn't dare." The deputy general lowered his head.

"Army, move out immediately!" King Tian Lan's expression was gloomy and his voice echoed like heavenly lightning. The army quickly rushed out and chased in the direction the Black Heaven Race had fled in.

King Tian Lan stood at the front with an imposing aura.

However, the pursuit wasn't smooth. The Black Heaven Race's evacuation method was mainly teleportation, so they needed to constantly lock onto the traces of teleportation.

Just like that, under the pursuit of the army, three days later, King Tian Lan's army entered the depths of the Black Spirit Region. Black fog filled the air and enveloped the surroundings.

According to the clues on the way, the last trace of the Black Heaven Race's army showed that they had entered this place. The 17 priests were also among them.

King Tian Lan fell silent. However, as he sensed the teleportation fluctuations in his perception, determination emerged in his eyes and he immediately sent the order.

Soon, his figure and the army under him stirred up a storm on the ground and stepped into the fog.

The fog churned and drowned everything.

Seven days later, the fog in the Black Spirit Region suddenly rumbled violently. There was also a deafening sound accompanied by a huge mushroom cloud that spread in all directions.

At the edge of the fog, disheveled figures rushed out one after another. The person in the lead was none other than King Tian Lan.

However, right now, he no longer had the dignity he had when he stepped in earlier. His armor had shattered. His face was pale and his injuries were serious, with blood flowing out of his entire body.

As for his subordinates who rushed out from behind him, they were all in a similar state. All of them were heavily injured and their auras were weak.

As for the number of people… it was only one-tenth of what it used to be.

90% of the army had failed to return.

Looking at his subordinates in the surroundings, King Tian Lan was filled with grief and indignation. When he thought of what he had encountered after entering this fog, he couldn't help but feel burning anger in his heart and he spat out a large mouthful of blood.

'The Black Heaven Race first used an illusory god's descent to intimidate me, causing me to lose all face and miss a good opportunity. My anger surpassed reason, so I chased them here before the immortal art spread.'

'The effect of the immortal art is to prevent the self- destruction of highly destructive items in the Black Heaven Race.'

'But they set up a regional treasure fragment here and detonated it.'

When he thought of this, King Tian Lan sensed regret. However, at this moment, his injuries were too serious and he was worried that the Black Heaven Race had other arrangements. Hence, he gritted his teeth and could only leave.

Even after he returned to the edge of the Holy Wave Large Region and met up with the garrisoned army, the unwillingness, hatred, and regret in his emotions were still incomparably intense. More importantly, he didn't know how to explain this to the Human Emperor.

It was also at this moment that he received the few information jade slips that the Seventh Prince had sent to the garrisoned army.

The first was to tell him that the ten thousand people along with the military governor had disappeared in Fenghai County. Moreover, Fenghai County refused to provide troops.

The second one was to inform him that Fenghai County had Suns of Dawn. The Seventh Prince's residence had been wiped out and he had suffered heavy losses.

Looking at the two jade slips, the killing intent in King Tian Lan's eyes was intense. He found a reason to explain his defeat to the Human Emperor.

That was, Fenghai County didn't send reinforcements, causing the power of the immortal art to be insufficient. It couldn't spread to the depths of the large region at the specified time, causing him to be in a completely passive situation.

Hence, they suffered a huge defeat.































































"Fenghai County."

King Tian Lan put down the jade slips and closed his eyes, calculating the feasibility of his plan.

A while later, he opened his eyes, revealing a cold glint. He then lifted his head and looked in the direction of Fenghai County.

He needed a reason to hide his defeat and give the Human Emperor an explanation at the same time.

The reasons didn't need to be overly perfect. After all, even the most flawless explanation would be scrutinized by the Human Emperor. But this wasn't important. As a Heavenly King, giving an account of oneself, to some extent, was a matter of attitude.

Therefore, he needed to convey his attitude towards the Human Emperor.

In addition, what the Human Emperor valued was the final victory in the war. In that case, as long as he salvaged the losses and calmed the chaos, the problem would no longer be a problem.

The most important thing was…

"Fenghai County actually has Suns of Dawn!"

"However, its might seems to be very different from the real Sun of Dawn. However, this is only on the surface after all. In reality, they might have other hidden cards."

King Tian Lan lowered his head and looked at the jade slip in his hand. A chill spread in his eyes.

"The failure on the battlefield was mainly due to Fenghai County refusing to send reinforcements. They even privately manufactured the Sun of Dawn, and this is an even greater crime!"

"Therefore, heading to Fenghai County, seizing the Suns of Dawn, and restarting the battle against the Black Heaven Race is the only choice."



At the thought of this, King Tian Lan no longer hesitated. He immediately ordered the army to move into the Holy Wave Large Region and head to Fenghai County.

As for whether Fenghai County would choose to detonate the remaining Suns of Dawn to perish together with King Tian Lan, King Tian Lan naturally had considered this.

He believed it was unlikely, as long as he didn't force Fenghai County to the point of extinction. He would propose to exonerate them of the crime of manufacturing Suns of Dawn privately while putting some pressure, and even acknowledge the autonomy of Fenghai County.

In that case, Fenghai County would definitely lower its head.

Unless Fenghai County was prepared to betray the human race.

As for the subsequent outcomes, it had nothing to do with him.

"However, I have to give enough pressure."

Just like that, King Tian Lan led his army and headed straight for Fenghai County.

An army of ten million powerful cultivators moved with him, possessing the power to destroy everything in its path. Within it, flags rose into the air, forming more than ten legions. Each legion had its own distinct characteristics.

Some rode birds, some sat on mutated beasts, and some rode the clouds…

At the back was a large number of nonhuman armies. Among them were giants who were thousands of feet tall. They wore thick armor and their steps caused the ground to shake.

The one at the front was a black dragon that was 100,000 feet long. Its majestic body gave off a majestic feeling. It flickered between the clouds and fog, looking mighty and astonishing.

A person sat cross-legged above its head. It was none other than King Tian Lan. His eyes were closed and his expression was cold and dignified.

Wherever the army passed, wind and clouds surged, and the world trembled. They passed through the territory of the Grand Duke Holy Wave and reached the ruins of the original capital of the Heavenly Wind Dynasty. The army stopped here.

On the black dragon, King Tian Lan opened his eyes and stared at the ruins. After observing it for a while, he fell into deep thought. He closed his eyes again and the army continued to move.

This lasted until they arrived at the border of Fenghai County, and the three provinces that Fenghai County had gotten back from the Seventh Prince back then.

All living beings in the three provinces trembled. Regardless of whether they were mortals or cultivators, they were all trembling.

The black mass of troops crossed the sky with an earth-shattering aura, forming a storm that swept across the ground, crushing everything in its path, causing the mountain range to shatter and the ground to collapse.

The array formations of the three provinces instantly dissipated. Some forces and sects of the various races were suppressed if they were on the path of the army.

Even the Sword Holding Ministry that was stationed in the three provinces was suppressed.

Domineering, powerful, invincible.

These terms fully manifested on the army, causing the sky and earth to change color. The storm grew even larger and approached the capital of Fenghai County.

 In an instant, Fenghai County was in danger.

Fenghai County's capital city naturally received the news. They weren't too surprised by the arrival of King Tian Lan. From the start, after suppressing the military governor, the cultivators of Fenghai County already knew that this day would arrive.

Hence, they had been preparing for the war all along.

The moment they received the news, the Taboo magic treasure of Fenghai County was activated along with the magic treasures from other sects. They were controlled by the county's Taboo and formed a large net that enveloped a range of 50 kilometers.

There were also cultivators from the three palaces and sects, dressed in armor and prepared for the fight. Various formations shimmered on the ground, forming divine arts.

A large number of battle magic artifacts were also activated, ready to erupt at any time.

There were also puppets controlled by many people, accumulating energy and waiting.

In the air, Old Master Seventh's great wing flapped its wings and the flying ships of the various sects filled the air. There was also a huge palace in the sky. Old Master Seventh, Marquis Yao, the three Palace Masters, and the various sects' Nihility were all here. Xu Qing and the captain were also among them.

They were all staring at the distant sky.

The various forces in the entire Holy Wave Large Region were paying attention to this place.

If it was in the past, these forces would definitely think that Fenghai County was about to be wiped out. However, as the Sun of Dawn appeared in Fenghai County some time ago, it shook the surroundings.

Hence, the various forces were all watching the arrival of King Tian Lan. They wanted to see what Fenghai County would do in this storm.

The one who paid the most attention to this confrontation was Grand Duke Holy Wave. With his cultivation, he could clearly sense the matters in Fenghai County. He wasn't willing to provoke King Tian Lan, but the Sun of Dawn in Fenghai County piqued his interest.

However, he didn't care about the result of the confrontation. What he was more concerned about was using this opportunity to see the true strength of both sides.

"It's a pity that Fenghai County is still too weak. If Fenghai County was more bold and detonated all the Suns of Dawn, things would be interesting."

The Grand Duke's expression was relaxed as he smiled.

He didn't think that this matter had anything to do with him, nor did he think that this matter would have any impact on the future unless… Fenghai County really erupted with such boldness.

However, such a mad action would most likely not be taken.

Hence, he felt regretful.

Among the forces paying attention to this battle, there was one that was the most excited at this moment. It was the hidden Seventh Prince.

He knew that Fenghai County wasn't simple but he trusted his uncle even more. After all… that was the Soul Accumulation realm.

Hence, he was filled with anticipation for the outcome.

"Xu Qing, what choice will you make this time?"

Just like that, while the various forces in the Holy Wave Large Region used different methods to pay attention to this battle, King Tian Lan's army appeared outside the capital of Fenghai County.

Their arrival caused the sky of Fenghai County to lose its color. The ground churned like an earth dragon and continued to fluctuate.

The pressure formed by countless soldiers shook the minds of all the cultivators who were paying attention.

What was even more astonishing was the figure sitting cross-

legged and meditating on the head of the black dragon at the front.

Fenghai County's side was silent. No one spoke as they stared at the mighty middle-aged man on the black dragon.

The moment everyone's gazes gathered, King Tian Lan opened his eyes. They were like two furnaces, sending energy to the surroundings, creating a storm in the surroundings.

A cry of surprise rang out from the sky as Qingqin rapidly retreated, not daring to look at him at all.

A vast world appeared in the sky above the capital of Fenghai County, becoming the sky of Fenghai County, blocking the light and becoming a shadow that enveloped the capital.

The great world was filled with flames and was accompanied by countless roars. It was as if it was filled with fiends and demons.

In an instant, Fenghai County was illuminated by the flames of King Tian Lan's great world.

The Taboo magic treasure's net that covered an area of 50 kilometers emitted an ear-piercing sound and rapidly dissipated before barely reassembling. The cultivators in the county capital were the same.

Every one of them deeply sensed the terror of the Soul Accumulation. Their auras were all instinctively stimulated and they resisted together.

However, against the Soul Accumulation, all of this was useless.

If King Tian Lan wanted to, he could destroy everything in front of him with a thought.

However, it was obvious that his goal in coming here this time wasn't to destroy or force Fenghai County to detonate the Sun of Dawn to perish together.

Therefore, although this pressure appeared, it didn't really descend into Fenghai County.

This was just a warning.

At the same time, a general in black armor walked out of the army behind King Tian Lan. He sat on a flood dragon and his fourth stage Nihility cultivation transformed into an illusory world that blurred outside his body.

He flew all the way until he arrived in between the two armies. He looked at Fenghai County with a complicated expression, but he still spoke in a deep voice.

"Fenghai County's County Governor, Yao Tianyan, and Deputy Governor, Zheng Kaiyi, accept the Heavenly King's decree!"

"Fenghai County committed five crimes. Firstly, disrespect towards the imperial family."

"Secondly, refusing to obey the enlistment order."

"Thirdly, suspected of conspiring to kill the military governor and the ten thousand soldiers of our army."

"Fourthly, the soldiers of Fenghai County fled the battlefield."

"Fifthly, with the aforementioned actions, delaying the war effort, causing significant impact that is akin to aiding the enemy!"

After calmly speaking, the general stared at the figures in the palace hovering in the sky.

"Do you admit your sins?!"

As soon as he finished speaking, all the cultivators in King Tian Lan's military behind him let out deep shouts in unison.

"Confess!"

The voices surpassed thunder and exploded in all directions, shaking the world and stirring up a strong wind. It blew in front of everyone in Fenghai County, causing their clothes to flutter.

This caused waves in their hearts but no one spoke. Xu Qing calmly stared at the army.

Their silence caused the gaze of King Tian Lan to turn slightly gloomy. The general in front of him also swept his gaze across Fenghai County and continued to speak.

"However, on account that you are humans and we aren't willing to see the human race kill each other, the Heavenly King has four commands for you to follow, thereby redeeming yourselves."

"Firstly, hand the deserters over to our military for custody, to be tried at a later date."

"Two, immediately release the ten thousand soldiers and the military governor."

"Thirdly, Yao Tianyan and Zheng Kaiyi, lead a million soldiers of Fenghai to join the frontline."

"Fourthly, present all the remaining Suns of Dawn as tribute."

After the general finished speaking, he retreated and returned to the army. As for Fenghai's side, they were still silent.

When King Tian Lan saw this, he slowly stood up from the black dragon and looked down at the county capital. His voice was like thunder as it echoed.

"If we win the combat of the Black Heaven Race, this king will exempt Fenghai County from all crimes. Fenghai County can continue to be autonomous in the Seventh Prince's fief."

"Otherwise…"

A cold glint rose in King Tian Lan's eyes. His Soul Accumulation cultivation spread out, affecting the sky and causing the wind and clouds to stir. It was as though the county would be destroyed with a thought and the people would be plunged into misery and suffering.

In the palace, Old Master Seventh rotated and stared at Xu Qing.

Marquis Yao also stared at Xu Qing. At that moment, the gazes of everyone in the surroundings landed on Xu Qing.

As for the captain, his face was filled with pride.

This scene attracted the attention of King Tian Lan. He frowned slightly. Previously, he had sensed the strangeness of Fenghai County. At this moment, this feeling was even more obvious. He snorted coldly and calmly spoke.

"Looks like you guys have other things to rely on. Feel free to take them out. This King is also very curious."

Xu Qing's expression was calm. He didn't look at the dignified King Tian Lan. He stared at the heavens and cupped his fists.

"Grandpa Ninth, he's calling for you."































































As soon as Xu Qing finished speaking, King Tian Lan calmly scanned the sky with his divine sense.

He wanted to see what other reliance Fenghai County had besides the Sun of Dawn.

Regardless of what it was, it wouldn't matter to him. He didn't become a Heavenly King because of his family but because of his Soul Accumulation cultivation.

As one of the 33 Heavenly Kings of the human race, although he wasn't the strongest, his identity, status, and combat strength allowed him to have the confidence to face the vast majority of situations in this world.

Let alone this Holy Wave Large Region which was just a remote countryside.

He knew that before this generation's Grand Duke Holy Wave had stepped into the Soul Accumulation realm, and that there had been no Soul Accumulation in the Holy Wave Large Region for countless years. To the people here, the Soul Accumulation… was no different from a god.

They were like heavenly might that couldn't be resisted or shaken.

As the last large race to unify Wanggu, although the human race had experienced many bumps and could barely be considered one of the large races now, the number of their Soul Accumulation cultivators had surpassed the Black Heaven Race's.

Hence, if humans had wanted to take back the Holy Wave Large Region that was previously attached to the Black Heaven Race, it would be extremely simple.

It was also possible to recover the enclaves in other regions.

However, the price of doing this wasn't small and the situation didn't allow it. They would have to face many nonhuman races and this would put great pressure on them.

This was because the large regions where the seven enclaves were located all had complicated connections. Behind them, there were large races with regional treasures.

Previously, the human race didn't have any regional treasures.

Therefore, they could only endure it.



Only by possessing a regional treasure could one possess a certain level of self-protection ability.

This was also the reason why many nonhuman races invaded the human race during the battle in Fenghai County. However, as soon as the Sun of Dawn appeared, the races were shocked and retreated one after another.

However, regional treasures alone weren't enough.

What was more important than the regional treasure was the god.

The god was the root of determining whether a race was strong or not.

In front of the god, be it the Soul Accumulation or the regional treasure, they were all useless. This was also the reason why the Black Heaven Race's strength was clearly inferior to the human race but they could still make the human race wary.

Gods could overturn everything.

The root of the Black Heaven Race's defeat was their god, Crimson Goddess. Under the many mysterious arrangements of the Human Emperor, She fell into a deep slumber.

As time passed, the human race naturally became stronger.

It was very difficult for stupid people to understand the various reasons. In their eyes, the world was too simple. They even had some laughable doubts. For example, if the human race was so strong, why didn't they subdue the Holy Wave previously?

Only those who had grasped a lot of core information or were smart and observant could see the key.

"So, what will Fenghai County rely on?"

King Tian Lan's expression was calm. From the start to the end, he didn't lift his head. He only swept his divine sense across the sky and saw nothing.

However, just as he was about to sense deeper, a cold snort squeezed into his divine sense in an extremely abrupt manner, echoing through the world and transforming into heavenly lightning in King Tian Lan's mind.

It rumbled and exploded.

The expression of King Tian Lan froze and he abruptly lifted his head. The moment he looked at the sky, the sky above the great world that enveloped the county capital emitted the sound of the cracking. A huge crack actually appeared in the sky.

This crack clearly wasn't formed naturally. Its edges were straight, as though it had been cut by a sharp blade. Its length also reached tens of thousands of feet.

Looking up from the ground, this crack was extremely conspicuous in the sky. There was also an earth-shattering sword qi whistling over from the inside, and the sword momentum covered the surroundings.

In an instant, the clouds and fog collapsed, the ground rumbled, and everything trembled. The hearts of all living beings churned.

Everything in the world seemed to have disappeared. The world turned dim and distorted endlessly. In this blurry state, only this sword qi that fell from the crack in the sky became the sole entity.

Like a heavenly sword, it directly landed on King Tian Lan's great world above the capital.

 The moment they came into contact, King Tian Lan's great world trembled like never before, emitting a deafening sound. It was as though millions of lightning bolts had exploded at the same time.

Its world barrier instantly collapsed, transforming into countless fragments that landed on the mountains and rivers of the great world like meteors.

The world trembled, but the sword qi didn't stop at all. It broke through the barrier and directly landed in King Tian Lan's great world, cutting through the sky of the great world and leaving a sword mark that spread through the entire world.

The world rumbled and caved in toward the location of the sword mark. All the mountain ranges inside collapsed and all the rivers evaporated. All living beings wailed as blood filled the world.

However, the momentum of the sword qi was still terrifying. Wherever the sword mark was, the ground would continue to shatter and spread rapidly into the depths. Finally… the entire great world was directly cut into two by this sword strike.

The world was destroyed!

From afar, the great world that had split into two separated from the sky above the county capital.

This scene was shocking.

The two halves of the great world were covered in blood and filled with all sorts of screams. Countless stones fell and dust spread.

After that, the great world that had been split into two became illusory and transparent, falling toward the ground.

The moment they landed on the ground, they shattered into pieces. As the ground trembled, King Tian Lan's great world turned into countless pieces that fused into the land of Fenghai County.

It wasn't a corporeal existence, so it was the same when it collapsed.

All of this took a long time to describe, but in reality, it happened instantly. As the great world collapsed, the shock brought about by this scene stunned everyone in Fenghai County.

The army under King Tian Lan was also stunned.

Everyone in the army instinctively trembled. Looking at the scene that was like the apocalypse, their minds went blank.

This scene was too terrifying and sudden, so no one was mentally prepared.

In reality, even if they were mentally prepared, when they personally saw a Soul Accumulation large world destroyed by a single slash, they would still find it difficult to accept it.

Compared to the others, King Tian Lan's shock was even more intense. His heart was in turmoil at this moment. An unprecedented crisis caused him to suddenly stand up from the black dragon and take a step forward.

With this step, the black dragon under his feet let out a wail, as though it couldn't withstand the pressure from King Tian Lan at this moment. Its body fell to the ground.

The moment the black dragon landed on the ground, the body of King Tian Lan in the air rapidly expanded. From the size of an ordinary person at the start, he grew to 1000 feet, 10,000 feet, and 100,000 feet, until he became a giant that seemed to touch the sky.

The capital city of Fenghai County was like a play ball in front of him. As for the huge King Tian Lan, his mind didn't calm because of the increase in his body. Instead, his expression became increasingly solemn as he stared fixedly at the crack in the sky and let out a deep shout.

"Which fellow Daoist wants to start a war with our human race?!"

As he spoke, King Tian Lan raised his right hand and grabbed at the crack in the sky.

Endless pressure erupted from his body. The sun, moon, and stars flickered in the surroundings as countless rules and laws were revealed on his body.

At this moment, it was as though he was the heavens and the Dao.

The only response he got was a cold snort.

"Didn't you want to see me?"

As the voice rang out, the second sword slash landed!

The dazzling light of this sword formed a sea of light that enveloped King Tian Lan. Faced with all of this, King Tian Lan's heart trembled. He gathered the nomological laws in his raised palm and went all out.

However, this sea of light ignored everything and passed through King Tian Lan's palm, merging into his body.

At the next instant, King Tian Lan's body trembled and his eyes revealed horror and disbelief.

"Second stage…"

Before he could finish speaking, a sword grew out of his mouth and penetrated his body. After that, sharp swords penetrated his arms and hands from many places.

After that, it was his legs, his body, his neck, his head…

Countless swords penetrated many parts of his body one after another. His huge body collapsed.

In the end, his huge body split into countless pieces and fell from the sky.

This scene was the same as his great world. He was torn into pieces and couldn't withstand the might of a single slash.

His body was destroyed.

The world rumbled and all living beings were shocked.

As the countless pieces of flesh and blood landed, King Tian Lan's divine soul flew out. His divine soul was different from his soul and looked no different from his physical body. However, upon closer inspection, one could still see that it was formed by laws and rules.

After it appeared, horror appeared in King Tian Lan's eyes. He had never seen such a sharp sword or such a frightening second stage Soul Accumulation cultivator.

At this moment, he didn't hesitate at all. His divine soul retreated with all its strength.

He wanted to leave this place. He could sense death coming. He didn't want to die.

However, just as his soul retreated to 100,000 feet, in front of him, an air wall formed by sword qi suddenly rose from the ground and connected to the sky.

The expression of King Tian Lan changed and he instantly changed directions. However, very soon, the second wall of sword qi towered into the sky in front of him. This was followed by the third, fourth, and fifth sword qi.

In that instant, as King Tian Lan tried his best to change directions, he was sealed in the center by five sword qi walls that connected the world.

If one looked down from the peak of the sky, they would be able to see that these five sword qi walls were a pentagon. As for King Tian Lan in the center, his spirit was trembling at this moment and his eyes revealed despair and disbelief.

He couldn't believe that as a Soul Accumulation and a Heavenly King, he was actually… about to die just like that.

"Who are you!!"

King Tian Lan faced the sky and let out a heart-rending roar.

The only response he got was a single word.

"Slash!"

As the sound rang out, the five sword qi walls instantly contracted and headed straight for King Tian Lan's soul. In the blink of an eye, they gathered together and the sword light drowned him.

His divine spirit was destroyed!

The color of the world changed and a rumbling sound echoed like the mournful roar of the Heavenly Dao. There were clearly no clouds but a rain of blood appeared out of thin air and scattered on the ground.

Its coverage reached half of the province.

About half of the province was enveloped in the blood rain, as though the sky was crying.

This gore rain would nourish this land, causing this place to be different from other places from now on.

This was because this was the place where a Soul Accumulation had fallen. The world fragments of the Soul Accumulation would transform into spiritual energy, causing the spiritual energy in this half of the province to skyrocket.

There were also mountain peaks that rose from the ground in this part. Those were all formed from the flesh and gore of King Tian Lan. These hills would become spiritual mountains!

As for King Tian Lan's ruined divine soul, it would transform into an invisible spirit root. The spirit root of the children born here in the next hundred years would be different from others.

They would be more suitable for King Tian Lan's Dao.

This was the scene of the Soul Accumulation's death, just like how the Ghost Emperor had died in Fenghai County.

However, the degree wasn't as great as the Ghost Emperor's.

However, it also nourished all living beings.































































As blood rained down, the world fell silent.

The army under King Tian Lan stood there in a daze, as though time had frozen.

Something major had happened!

They couldn't believe what they were seeing. They couldn't believe that the Heavenly King had died so easily.

From what they knew, there was no power in the Holy Wave Large Region that could threaten King Tian Lan. Hence, the death of the Heavenly King was almost impossible.

However, it had happened before them!

One could imagine that the death of King Tian Lan would cause a commotion in the entire Holy Wave Large Region in an extremely short period of time. It would definitely cause an uproar in the Grand Imperial Capital Region. Next, an even more terrifying storm would probably erupt from the Imperial Capital.

The anger from the Human Emperor and King Tian Lan's family would shake the surroundings.

This incident had exceeded their expectations and imagination.

The minds of all the cultivators here rumbled. Everyone's breathing was incomparably hurried. Shock and commotion erupted in the army.

At the same time, the ones who were equally shocked were forces in the Holy Wave Large Region who were paying attention to this battle.

"How is this possible!"

"King… King Tian Lan was actually killed!"

"There were a total of three sword slashes…"



"Soul Accumulation. Fenghai County also has Soul Accumulation. Moreover, it's the kind of almighty that can be considered an expert even among Soul Accumulation cultivators!"

"The background of Fenghai County is actually so terrifying!"

After all the races with the ability to observe the war in Fenghai County saw the death of King Tian Lan, the waves in their hearts had long surged into the sky, drowning their minds and everything. All that was left was endless trembling and extreme reverence for Fenghai County.

King Tian Lan used his life to let all the forces deeply realize that Fenghai County didn't only rely on the Sun of Dawn but also… the Soul Accumulation!

At the same time, a mouthful of blood spurted out from the hidden Seventh Prince's mouth.

His body trembled and his gaze dimmed. At this moment, the uneasiness in his heart surpassed the uneasiness he had felt when he saw the Sun of Dawn erupt.

Fenghai County used a domineering method to tell him something.

That was… all schemes, all arrangements, and all calmness were insignificant in the face of absolute strength.

Actually, when the Sun of Dawn erupted that day, he had a similar feeling. However, he still believed that he was the one who had absolute advantage. When his uncle returned, everything would be easily dealt with.

However, no matter what, he never expected the final outcome to be like this.

He couldn't accept the death of the Heavenly King, nor could he face such an outcome.

The fear and horror in his heart had long transformed into a storm that enveloped him in the abyss. However, he was the Seventh Prince after all. Even in this desperate situation, he still struggled to find a chance to resist.

"Fenghai County, Xu Qing… Even if you guys have the Soul Accumulation, killing a Heavenly King means it is no longer my business. This is a matter of the human race. Father will definitely not allow such a thing to be resolved simply."

"Regardless of whether it's out of the dignity of the human race or his reputation as the Human Emperor, this matter… will definitely cause a shocking change!"

The Seventh Prince lifted his head and stared fixedly in the direction of Fenghai County. In the end, he endured his reluctance, unwillingness, and heartache and crushed an ancient jade token in his hand.

This jade token wasn't a recent product but a treasure from the Ancient Sovereign Mystic Nether Era. It was now the Seventh Prince's life-saving item.

Its effect was to allow one to instantly teleport back to the Grand Imperial Capital Region no matter where they were.

Its value was extremely great and there were very few of them. If one used it, there would be one less. Back then, it was already extraordinarily rare. Now, it was a supreme treasure.

Originally, the Seventh Prince didn't have the qualifications to hold it. It was his mother who used battle merits to exchange for it from the human race's treasure vault.

"Fenghai County, the matter between us isn't over. I'll wait in the Imperial Capital… I'll see you guys turn to ashes!"

The Seventh Prince's expression was sinister. As the ancient jade token in his hand shattered, a beam of light that seemed to have come from ancient times enveloped him and teleported him away.

 This jade token could only take him away. All his subordinates were left in the Holy Wave Large Region.

While everyone was trembling because of Old Ninth's attack, on the battlefield of Fenghai County, the subordinates of King Tian Lan became increasingly restless. Terror and uneasiness spread through the army.

On the ground, the black dragon of King Tian Lan was also wailing at this moment. It crawled up trembling and kowtowed to the sky. After continuously worshiping, a cold snort rang out and the void exploded.

Old Ninth's figure walked out of the crack in the sky and stood between heaven and earth.

The black dragon lowered its head even deeper and didn't dare to move at all.

All the human armies trembled.

Old Ninth was expressionless. His gaze swept past the army and finally landed on Fenghai County, where Xu Qing was located.

His gaze swept past everyone. Every cultivator who met his gaze lowered their heads with respectful and fanatical expressions.

Marquis Yao was no exception.

Only two people made Old Ninth's gaze stop.

One was Old Master Seventh.

When he stared at Old Master Seventh, there was a deeper meaning in Old Ninth's eyes and he actually lowered his head slightly, but this action was too subtle. Other than him and Old Master Seventh, it was very difficult for others to sense it.

The second person was Xu Qing.

"You have to comprehend these three sword slashes well in the future."

Xu Qing's breathing was hurried. He cupped his fists and bowed.

His heart was in turmoil. Although he had seen ninth grandfather make a move previously, the military governor was too weak, so he couldn't truly sense ninth grandfather's combat strength. Moreover, Crimson Goddess was too strong, so it was very difficult for him to show how powerful ninth grandfather was.

But now, he saw Tian Lan being killed with three slashes!

This scene caused Xu Qing to suddenly realize why the Divine Son used the most severe degree of suppression on Old Ninth among all his siblings.

Old Ninth was too strong!

After the battle of Crimson Goddess ended and Li Zihua revived and left, it was obvious that the benefits Old Ninth obtained were also not small.

However, Xu Qing understood that now wasn't the time to think about these things. The most important thing now was to handle this ten million-strong army.

Fortunately, he, his master, Marquis Yao, and the others had already discussed such a matter. Hence, Xu Qing turned around and took a step away, revealing a figure standing behind him.

It was Ning Yan.

At that moment, Ning Yan was wearing a prince's robe and a crown. His entire body emitted the fluctuations of the royal bloodline and his expression was incomparably solemn.

After Xu Qing moved away, his expression was solemn as he walked out proudly. He walked into the air step by step and looked down at the army.

"I'm Guyue Ning Yan, the twelfth son of the current Human Emperor!"

After the ten million-strong human army sensed Ning Yan's bloodline fluctuations and heard his words, they were all in an uproar. This was especially when behind Ning Yan was the statue of the Ancient Sovereign.

Hence, in everyone's eyes, it was as though Ning Yan's figure overlapped with the Ancient Sovereign Mystic Nether.

His aura was filled with an imposing dignity.

"Seventh Brother hoarded power, harboring ill intentions towards the human race, causing chaos in the Human Emperor. Therefore, I detonated the Sun of Dawn I brought in front of him."

"King Tian Lan was a Heavenly King, but he harbored endless selfishness. He suffered a huge defeat on the war zone and framed Fenghai, using his power to suppress others. This is disgraceful to heaven and earth. Therefore, with my consent, he was executed!"

"All causes and effects are the doing of me, Guyue Ning Yan alone!"

Ning Yan's words weren't something Xu Qing asked him to say. Originally, according to Xu Qing's instructions, what Ning Yan said wouldn't be these. However, Ning Yan felt that there were some things he had to bear.

Hence, he spoke like this.

Xu Qing was a little surprised and glanced at Ning Yan.

Marquis Yao, Old Master Seventh, and the others also had thoughtful expressions. For the first time, their gazes towards Ning Yan carried some admiration.

As for the ten million-strong human army, their hearts trembled even more intensely.

Ning Yan took a deep breath and took a few more steps forward, walking to the front of the army. He faced the army alone and spoke in a deep voice.

"You don't belong to the Seventh Prince, let alone the Heavenly King. You belong to the human race and you belong to yourselves!"

"What your swords and sabers should be pointing at isn't our fellow humans but foreign enemies!"

"The battle of the Black Heaven Race hasn't ended. Are you willing to follow me… to complete the battle of our human race and fight the Black Heaven Race again!"

Ning Yan's last sentence was shouted with all his might.

As his voice echoed, the ten million-strong army fell silent for more than ten breaths. Someone immediately lowered his head and bowed. Very soon, more and more cultivators chose to bow. Finally… the ten million-strong army let out loud shouts.

"We obey!"

Just like the 10,000 troops of the military governor back then, to the human race, no matter what era it was, as long as there was an empire system, status was incomparably important.

For example, if Ning Yan wanted to summon Fenghai County, he couldn't do it because he wasn't its county governor.

As for Xu Qing, although his words carried weight in Fenghai County, Xu Qing couldn't shake these armies and make them greet him.

Only the status of a prince could do this.

While these subordinates of King Tian Lan greeted, the clouds in the sky churned and a figure rapidly rushed over from afar. His speed was so fast that the horizon was swept up by his momentum, forming a storm.

In the blink of an eye, this figure appeared above Fenghai County. Clouds gathered and formed a clear body.

It was the Grand Duke Holy Wave!

His face was pale. The moment he appeared, he bowed respectfully to Old Ninth.

"Junior An Mulan greets the ninth young master of the Moon Offering!"

The attitude of the Grand Duke Holy Wave was incomparably respectful. In the depths of his eyes, one could even see unconcealable reverence. His words also clearly revealed that he… realized Old Ninth's identity.

To be able to know his identity basically meant that he realized what had happened on the Moon Offering.

Calculating the time, the experts of the Wanggu Continent should have sensed the matter on the Moon Offering Region.

After all, Red Moon had disappeared from the Wanggu Continent.

This could be seen from the fact that the Grand Duke took a few more looks at Xu Qing.

He indeed knew, and moreover, he had just found out about it.

Hence, at this moment, his heart was in an extremely uproar. After paying his respects to Old Ninth, he took a deep breath and spoke in a deep voice.

"The Holy Wave's side obeys the twelfth prince and is willing to follow the soldiers to the Black Heaven Race and submit to the twelfth prince!"

His words were directed at Ning Yan but his gaze was on Xu Qing.

With his experience and wisdom, he could naturally tell… the reason for Fenghai County pushing out the twelfth prince.

"The fight for the throne… has begun!"































































If it was any other time, Grand Duke Holy Wave would definitely not participate in such a battle for the throne.

After all, no matter what era it was, no matter in which race, a battle for the throne was a gamble with no return. Winning meant endless glory, but failure meant an irreparable catastrophe.

Hence, to the Grand Duke Holy Wave, living freely in the Holy Wave Large Region was naturally the best choice.

But now, he couldn't do it.

Fenghai County could already represent the Holy Wave Large Region. It was impossible for him to stay out of trouble at this moment. Also… the Holy Wave Large Region bordered Moon Offering…

Hence, he had no choice but to be tied to Fenghai County.

Even if King Tian Lan died here.

'This is also why Fenghai County is so brilliant… If it was any other time, if the Heavenly King died in battle, the matter would definitely be extremely huge. However, the matter of the Moon Offering now is enough to shock the surroundings, causing even the Human Emperor to not dare to act rashly.'

'In addition, framing it as part of the battle for the throne gives an explanation to the Human Emperor and the Imperial Capital. Thus, the death of the Heavenly King will take on a different significance.

'From the battle between Fenghai County and King Tian Lan to the battle between the twelfth and seventh princes… From the battle between the vassals to the imperial family's matters.'

'There's an expert in Fenghai County!'

The Grand Duke took a deep breath and chose to submit.

With his participation, the entire Holy Wave Large Region was completely unified!

At this moment, Fenghai County became the core of the Holy Wave Large Region. All the forces and races in the region no longer had the ability to resist, nor did they have the slightest determination to resist.



Faced against absolute strength, submitting was the only choice.

Needless to say, Fenghai County also controlled the army of ten million soldiers and the influence of the Grand Duke Holy Wave. Such power allowed Fenghai County to stand at the peak.

As for Xu Qing, his status also rose and he stood at the peak of the Holy Wave Large Region.

Immediately after, a decree spread throughout the entire region from Fenghai County.

"All races and sects, listen to the summons. The battle against Black Heaven will begin again!"

As soon as this decree was issued, the various sects and races in the large region immediately obeyed.

If it was any other time, the Grand Duke Holy Wave would definitely look down on the decree. However, he knew about the Moon Offering Region and knew that the high god Crimson Goddess had actually died.

Moreover, Xu Qing was one of the participants…

How could he underestimate Xu Qing after all this?

Not only did he not underestimate Xu Qing, but in his mind, Xu Qing's figure was shrouded in countless mysteries.

This was because he couldn't imagine how a Spirit Repository cultivator could reach such a level of admiration from tens of thousands of people.

"There must be a reason for this abnormality. This Xu Qing… is extraordinary!"

Hence, his response was extremely thorough. 80% of his army was mobilized to participate in this battle.

Just like that, time flowed by. After the Holy Wave Large Region was unified, the cultivators of the various sects and races all headed to the frontlines. Old Master Seventh, Marquis Yao, and the others planned their deployments. When the war started again…

The news of the Moon Offering quickly spread.

The reason why this news spread so quickly after some time was partly because the disappearance of the Red Moon was gradually discovered by others, and partly because… a jade token from the Moon Offering Region spread in all directions.

The contents of the jade token was written by the heir, informing the entire Wanggu Continent.

Regardless of whether it was the human race or the other races, most of them had received the heir's jade token.

This jade token explained the situation, the death of Crimson Goddess, and the revival of the Moon Offering Ruler.

This matter instantly shook all the races and the entire Wanggu Continent. Even some hidden gods stirred up after learning of it.

As for whether it was true or false, it was very easy to tell. When they thought of the fragmented-face opening Its eyes and the changes in the Moon Offering Region, they could tell that this was the truth.

 The human race's Grand Imperial Capital Region naturally received the jade token and knew about this.

At that moment, in the human race's imperial palace, within a tall tower shrouded in mist, with the wind howling, the Human Emperor stood inside and gazed into the distance.

On the table behind him were two jade tokens. One was from the Moon Offering Crown Prince and the other was from the Seventh Prince.

His expression was emotionless. What he saw was a churning sea of clouds.

Upon closer inspection, one could see that the location of this cloud and fog was actually an incomparably huge… gigantic star with no end in sight.

This star was formed from gas. Clouds flowed on it like an abstract painting, vast and astonishing.

After a long time, a calm voice rang out from behind him.

"Your Majesty, I've finished reading both jade tokens."

The Human Emperor didn't retract his gaze and spoke calmly.

"So, what's your opinion?"

At some point in time, an additional person had appeared beside the table behind him.

This person had a jade-like face and long purple hair that draped over his shoulders. He wore a white robe and sat there with a calm expression. He was none other than the state preceptor.

"Actually, that day, when I sensed that my time had been borrowed, I already felt it."

The state preceptor spoke softly and picked up the teacup at the side to take a sip.

"Besides, isn't this what Your Majesty wants to see?" The state preceptor lifted his head and stared at the Human Emperor in front of him with a faint smile.

The Human Emperor fell silent. A long time later, a deep voice echoed from his back.

"How confident are you?"

"Fully, as long as His Majesty agrees to this transaction."

The state preceptor smiled and spoke.

A deep look appeared in the Human Emperor's eyes as he continued to look at the clouds in the distance.

The tower was silent. A long time later, the Human Emperor took a step forward and disappeared from the tower.

Only his cold voice echoed with the unique dignity of a superior.

"That Xu Qing is your younger brother, right?"

The state preceptor's expression was calm with no changes at all. He finished the tea in the cup and put it down. His figure smiled and disappeared.

A strong wind blew over, sweeping up the clouds and drowning the tower in the sea of clouds.

At the same time, in the Holy Wave Large Region, as the cultivators of the various sects and races gathered, the war against the Black Heaven Race erupted again.

This time, it had nothing to do with the Seventh Prince and King Tian Lan.

This time, it was Xu Qing who initiated the unfinished battle against the Black Heaven Race.

In terms of the number of cultivators, there were even more than before. The Grand Duke Holy Wave personally led the team and divided the army into three, giving the control of two armies to Old Master Seventh, Marquis Yao, and the others, stepping into the Black Spirit Region.

Although King Tian Lan had suffered a huge defeat previously, his foundation was still there. They could still unleash immortal arts, especially since the territory he had conquered was very large. He had already forced the Black Heaven Race back to a certain extent.

The war in the other directions of the Black Heaven Race also prevented the reinforcements of the Black Heaven Race from arriving. They could only defend various places and fight for themselves.

However, in reality, if the Black Heaven Race in the Black Spirit Region really resisted, this war would still be very tragic.

However, the strange thing was that… when faced with the entry of the Holy Wave Large Region, the Black Heaven Race didn't counterattack at all. This was completely different from when they were facing King Tian Lan.

As for Xu Qing, he didn't head to the battlefield. He stayed at the border between the Black Spirit Region and the Holy Wave Large Region to organize the information from all directions.

As time passed and the army successfully moved out, Xu Qing also made a judgment about the combat strength of the entire Black Heaven Race.

The Black Heaven Race had two large regions, namely Black Spirit and Black Heaven.

The emperor of the race and some peak experts were heavily injured by the mysterious person before the battle began. This act was like beheading the leader, causing the Black Heaven Race to retreat step by step when facing the human army at the start.

It was also because they had no leader and faced the danger of extermination, the Black Heaven Race split into three parties according to different ideals.

In Black Heaven Region, the army led by the Black Heaven Imperial Family was mainly the main force fighting against the human race.

In the area between Black Heaven and Black Spirit, the influential people were the leaders. They didn't contribute much and mostly chose to hide in groups, wanting to negotiate with the human race.

In the Black Spirit Region, the army was led by the priests of the Black Heaven Race who had fought against King Tian Lan before.

The ritual of the Black Heaven Race was a divine authority. It originally surpassed the imperial authority and had a supreme status in the Black Heaven Race. However, there was the subsequent failure of the divine technique, the defeat of the race, the ignoring of the god, and the rumored slumber.

This caused the status of the ritual priests to be much lower than before. Now that it was in the war with the human race, it was even weaker and wasn't given importance by their people.

Hence, they could only choose to defend their temple in the Black Spirit Region.

Hence, this side was basically made up of priests and divine guards. They had been tirelessly calling out to their god and praying for Her to descend.

They were also the first to sense the death of Crimson Goddess.

Regarding the entrance of Xu Qing's army, they also issued a decree. They didn't resist or counterattack, allowing the military to smoothly appear outside the fog where their temple was.

This place was also the place where King Tian Lan had faced a severe setback.

With the previous lesson, the people leading the team, including Old Master Seventh, Marquis Yao, and the others, didn't directly barge in. On one hand, they spread the immortal art and on the other hand, they wanted to send people in to investigate.

However, before the Holy Wave Race could make arrangements, someone from the Black Heaven Race walked out first.

This person had no hair and wore a purple robe. After he appeared, he bowed to the Holy Wave Army and made a request.

They invited Xu Qing to come personally.

They wanted to meet Xu Qing.

As long as Xu Qing arrived, no matter what happened in the end, they would choose to surrender.

The Grand Duke Holy Wave was a little hesitant about this request. If it was in the past, this choice would be incomparably simple for him. It was just a Spirit Repository.

However, it was different now. He was aware of who had the final say in Fenghai County.

Hence, he sent the message to Old Master Seventh and Marquis Yao.

Very soon, Xu Qing, who was at the edge of the massive region, received Old Master Seventh's voice transmission.

Holding the voice transmission gemstone slip, Xu Qing recalled the feeling of being summoned on the Forbidden Sea.

He stared into the depths of the Black Spirit Race and chose to head there.

Several days later, his figure appeared in front of the Holy Wave Army and outside the fog. Standing here, a strange feeling rose in Xu Qing's heart.

He knew that in the depths of the fog, he could sense… the power of his authority.

His appearance also caused the mist to churn. More than ten black celestial priests in purple robes walked out of the fog.

The instant they saw Xu Qing, they were clearly excited. After they bent down and bowed, the old man in the lead looked at Xu Qing and stated in a hoarse voice.

"Lord Purple, please return to your position!"































































Outside the fog, the army of the Holy Wave Large Region was densely packed and blotted out the sky.

Flags were spread out inside, the breaths of ferocious beasts, the aura of cultivators… All of these formed a storm that connected the sky and swept through the ground.

Its aura was shocking, the sky rippled, and the ground felt oppressive.

The entire world fell silent in front of this endless army.

This was especially so for the many experts in the army. They were from the various sects and races. Grand Duke Holy Wave and the almighty figures of Fenghai County floated in the world and emitted invisible pressure.

Among them were Old Master Seventh, Marquis Yao, and many others.

There were also streams of blood light circulating and flickering in all directions. Finally, they transformed into a blood-colored sea that wanted to drown the fog.

That was an immortal art.

In front of the army, Xu Qing stood there and stared at the 17 purple-robed Black Heaven Race members who walked out of the fog. His gaze finally landed on the old man who greeted him.

Xu Qing was naturally no stranger to the word 'Lord Purple'.

When this title came from the mouth of the Black Heaven Race's priest, it was thought-provoking.

Xu Qing's gaze was deep. He shifted his gaze away from the old man from the Black Heaven Race who was worshiping him and looked at the fog behind the other party. Standing here, he could clearly sense that his authority was rising in the fog.

The Black Heaven Race was conducting a ritual related to him in the depths of the fog and it was about to be completed.

After a long time, under the attention of the army and the silence of the 17 priests, Xu Qing's voice slowly rang out.

"How do you know my honorific name?"



Xu Qing didn't circle around. The current him already had the qualifications to ask directly. There was no need for him to guess about this.

Facing Xu Qing's words, piety appeared on the wrinkled face of the old priest of the Black Heaven Race as he spoke softly.

"Crimson Goddess perished in the battle of the gods. The new lord was born in Her divine skeleton. This is the reincarnation of God."

"Lord Purple who was born is the new Lord. He has taken over all the authority of the Red Moon and is worshiped by all living beings. From now on, the moon will have no redness. The Purple Moon will be in the sky and all the descendants and divine servants will have a new mission."

"This is the perception we obtained after praying to the moon many times."

As he spoke, the Black Heaven Race priest lifted his head and looked at Xu Qing, his eyes revealing fanaticism.

"What mission?" Xu Qing's expression was as calm as ever as he spoke.

"Assist our Lord in returning to the divine realm, support the arrival of the Purple Moon in the mortal world. All accomplishments will be rewarded with divine fruits, and those with merits will have a position before the god!"

When Xu Qing heard this, he cast a meaningful glance at the old man.

The old man's expression didn't change at all. His face was covered in wrinkles and he was still pious.

Xu Qing retracted his gaze. The other party's nonsense might be able to fool others but it couldn't fool him.

Xu Qing didn't believe this at all.

He believed in another answer…

The Black Heaven Race's priests had long recognized the truth in the face of this battle that they would definitely lose and even be exterminated. This was especially so since they knew what had happened in the Moon Offering Region and understood Xu Qing's background and current situation.

Hence, there was only one path in front of them, and that was to surrender.

However, there were also rules to surrender. Xu Qing had indeed modified the prayer on the Red Moon and used the authority to spread it. Although he ultimately failed, there would definitely be traces of his existence.

Hence, there was a high chance that the Black Heaven Race, which had worshiped the Red Moon and worshiped Crimson Goddess for generations, had sensed the prayer because of this.

Hence, they knew of Lord Purple.

In the hearts of the priests of the Black Heaven Race, surrendering in such a way wasn't surrendering. This was because from the start to the end, they were all servants of the god.

As for the mission, there was a greater possibility that they assigned it to themselves for their own sake.

 This was the wisdom of this group of priests.

In fact, this group of priests might not be sure if he was Lord Purple.

However, this wasn't important.

Crimson Goddess had already died. Surviving was the most important thing.

To be able to live a dignified life was the most important thing.

Hence, Xu Qing felt that even if these Black Heaven Race priests thought that he wasn't this Lord Purple, it was fine. They would modify their prayers on their own and continue to think that he was Lord Purple.

After all, no one could refute.

Xu Qing's expression was calm. These were all his guesses. As for the truth, he didn't care. However, he still had to give these Black Heaven Race priests who had surrendered in an alternate way a certain degree of intimidation.

This intimidation was very simple for Xu Qing.

To fraudsters, the most direct deterrence was naturally the god.

Hence, the power of authority in Xu Qing's body spread out and fused into the ritual that was related to him in the fog to help speed up the completion of this ritual.

Almost at the instant Xu Qing's authority fused into it, the 17 priests trembled one after another. The old man in the lead even abruptly lifted his head, revealing a surprised expression. At the same time, a monstrous boom rang out from the fog.

The fog churned and the chants that were sealed inside rang out.

"Master of the New Moon, guide the Wanggu. Mourn for all living beings, and enjoy paradise."

"Sacrificing our bodies for our lord, this life is not painful, with dawn and dusk as the curtain, our bodies remain incorruptible."

…

As the chant echoed, purple light erupted from the fog. At this moment, the sky rumbled. It was as though there was a pair of invisible hands in the sky that parted the sky and divine might spread in all directions.

A purple star suddenly appeared at the top of the sky.

At first, it was blurry but it quickly became clear and finally revealed itself between heaven and earth. Its appearance caused a commotion on the Holy Wave's side and countless ferocious beasts trembled.

Even though they knew what King Tian Lan had encountered and understood that It was fake, the appearance of the Purple Moon Star still caused everyone's hearts to tremble.

As for the 17 priests, they directly knelt down toward the Purple Moon in the sky.

At the same time, the pressure descended. The world blurred and distorted. Only purple light scattered down from the Purple Moon, enveloping the ground.

The fog rapidly dissipated at this moment, revealing everything hidden inside.

One could see that after the fog dissipated, there was an ancient temple in the area in front of the army.

This temple was vast and filled with vicissitudes.

To the vast majority of people, this was the first time they had seen this majestic temple.

However, to Xu Qing and the captain, they had seen this temple before.

Its shape was exactly the same as the Moon Palace!

Even the totem on the temple's gate was the same.

This was a moon palace built on the ground!

It was also the holy land of the Black Heaven Race's priests.

There was also a statue of Crimson Goddess standing there!

At that moment, in front of the temple, more than a million Black Heaven priests were kneeling. They were all wearing purple robes and were worshiping and chanting.

In the sky, the Purple Moon Star continued to descend, becoming clearer and clearer, allowing everyone to see the stele standing on It.

The stele emitted a purple light and the back was blank. There were some words on the front. Upon closer inspection, one could tell that those words were prayer chants!

At this moment, regardless of whether it was the Holy Wave's side or the Black Heaven Race's priests, all of them were in a state of shock. Just as the Purple Moon Star fell to the lowest point and everything was at its clearest, Xu Qing walked forward.

He walked step by step toward the 17 priests who were kneeling and worshiping the Purple Moon. He walked into the air and toward the Purple Moon.

Under the gazes of everyone and amidst countless gasps, Xu Qing's figure moved forward in the world and arrived in front of the Purple Moon Star.

All the distortions and blurriness emitted by this Purple Moon had no effect on Xu Qing at all. It looked real but was actually an illusion. It was also meaningless in front of Xu Qing.

This was the star he had formed to begin with.

Regardless of whether it was illusory or real, it was the same to Xu Qing.

Just like that, he walked step by step onto the Purple Moon Star and stepped on it, arriving in front of the stele.

Xu Qing stood there and lowered his head to look at the ground. Wherever his god-like gaze passed, the priests of the Black Heaven Race on the ground would tremble. The 17 priests were the same.

In the end, Xu Qing's stare stopped on the old priest.

"Tell me your name."

The old priest's body shivered and he hesitated inwardly. However, he didn't dare to hesitate for too long and respectfully spoke.

"The current priest of the Black Heaven Race, Yousang."

Xu Qing lifted his right hand and waved it fiercely, imprinting the word Yousang on the back of the stele. It was very small. Compared to the back of the entire stele, it didn't cover even ten-thousandth of the space.

However, the meaning was extraordinary.

The instant it landed, the entire stele shivered and the Purple Moon Star swayed. The minds of all the priests on the ground rumbled.

The million priests who were worshiping the Purple Moon were all panting at this moment. The fanaticism in their eyes was unprecedented and their hearts were erupting. They looked at Xu Qing in unison, at the stele, and at the words there. An indescribable huge storm stirred in their hearts.

This scene exceeded everyone's expectations.

To the divine servant, his name was imprinted on the location of the god. This was an incomparably supreme glory!

The hearts of the dozen or so priests who had strolled out of the fog roiled to the extreme. All of them were trembling and their breathing was hurried.

Their minds turned blank.

And the person whose heart was churning the most was naturally Yousang. His aged face was flushed red and his body was trembling. It was as though millions of lightning bolts were rumbling in his heart.

He never expected Xu Qing to do this.

Looking at his name on the stele, he seemed to have returned to the state of mind when he first worshiped Crimson Goddess back then. He was shocked, respectful, and even excited.

Xu Qing's previous analysis wasn't wrong. In reality, the Black Heaven Race's priest had more thoughts about Xu Qing. He was just using a reason to surrender.

The people below might not understand, but as ritual priests, they naturally understood what to do. It was the most in line with their expectations.

As ritual priests, they needed a god.

Xu Qing fit this criteria very well.

As for whether Xu Qing was Lord Purple or not, they were also puzzled and hesitant. After all, Xu Qing's cultivation was too weak.

However, this wasn't important. It had better not be.

Hence, they gave the nonsense of having a mission.

The main point was actually following the trend.

However, no matter what, he never expected that when Xu Qing asked for his name, he would actually engrave it on the stele!

This action shattered all their guesses. This was completely telling them in the way they revered…

He was Lord Purple.

Ning Yan walked out of the army and spoke loudly.

"Assist Lord Purple in returning to the divine realm, support the arrival of the Purple Moon in the mortal world. All accomplishments will be rewarded with divine fruits, and those with merits will have a position before the god!"

All the priests on the earth prostrated in unison, their voices shocking the heavens.

"Greetings, Lord Purple!"

Led by the old priest, the hearts of the 17 priests roiled like the sea, and they shivered as they prostrated on the ground.

"Greetings, Lord Purple!"

As the sound echoed, Crimson Goddess statue in front of the temple shattered into pieces and scattered on the ground.































































With the surrender of the Black Heaven Race's ritual priests, although the war with the entire Black Heaven Race continued, this war that originally belonged to King Tian Lan came to an end.

Half of the Black Spirit Region was captured and fused into the Holy Wave Large Region.

Part of the army was sent back, but a portion was stationed here to monitor the Black Heaven Race's priests.

Among the ritual priests of the Black Heaven Race, the main priest, Yousang, would become an emissary of Xu Qing's identity as a god.

He worshiped Xu Qing fanatically and sincerely spoke of his mission.

In the future, he wanted to build temples dedicated to the Purple Moon in every province of this half-region, establishing a divine religion associated with the Purple Moon.

He even planned to head to the Holy Wave, the Moon Offering, and the other regions, and build temples there, preaching doctrines, and increasing the believers of Lord Purple.

His identity changed, becoming the first pontiff of Purple Moon Divine Religion.

However, it was only on the surface.

Among the priests of the Black Heaven Race, there were actually many experts. There were even a few Soul Accumulation cultivators in the past.

However, they were different from cultivators.

They didn't cultivate the Dao and served the god their entire lives. Most of their strength came from the blessings of the god.

Hence, the death of Crimson Goddess caused them to become incomparably weak. It was as though they were on the verge of death and could barely maintain their vitality.



Xu Qing's appearance caused hope to appear among them.

As Xu Qing's strength grew in the future and the Purple Moon gradually turned from illusory to real, the moment the Purple Moon completely materialized, the weak high priests of the Black Heaven Race would recover their peak strength again.

Xu Qing tacitly agreed to this and left the Black Spirit Region.

However, the immortal art that permeated this place didn't dissipate. It continued to envelop the sky of the Black Spirit Region, transforming into blood red clouds that to a certain extent covered the light and heat from the Sun of Dawn.

This allowed the Black Heaven Race in this half of the large region to have space to recuperate.

However, the war was still ongoing. In the other half of the Black Spirit Region and the Black Heaven Region of the Black Heaven Race, there were constant life-and-death battles.

However, it had nothing to do with Xu Qing.

The Holy Wave Large Region wasn't in charge of the entire war against the Black Heaven Race. They were only responsible for this area.

This was a military pledge made by King Tian Lan to help the Seventh Prince gain a foothold in the Holy Wave Large Region. Although he had died, the Holy Wave Large Region still completed the pledge perfectly.

From this moment on, the range of the Holy Wave Large Region increased greatly. Fenghai County truly controlled the power of a large region and a half. As the County Governor, Xu Qing's authority surpassed all county governors.

It wouldn't be an exaggeration to call him a vassal lord.

Most importantly, Xu Qing had Ning Yan by his side.

Ning Yan's existence caused Xu Qing to stand on the side of righteousness, and his actions became unrelated to usurpation.

It was the same even though King Tian Lan had died.

With Ning Yan stepping forward, his words and actions pushed everything towards the battle for the throne.

Although there were many who understood it, sometimes, the significance of a covering cloth did not lie in itself, but in the fact that… it couldn't be lifted.

If it wasn't lifted, this would only be a battle between princes.

However, if it was lifted, there would be a violent conflict with the human race in the Holy Wave Large Region, half of the Black Spirit Region, and the Moon Offering Region.

The price of this conflict had to be borne by the person who lifted the covering cloth.

As for the Human Emperor, if he didn't want to lift it, the others… couldn't either.

From the start to the end, everything was actually a game and checks and balances between the two sides, much like the battles between cultivators. It depended on whether the battle was worthwhile or not.

Hence, half a month after the matter in the Black Spirit Region ended, two imperial decrees from the Grand Imperial Capital Region were sent to the Holy Wave Large Region.

 The first imperial edict was for Xu Qing!

"In accordance with the heavenly mandate, Emperor Mystic War proclaims: Throughout history, the governance of the world relies on wise ministers. Eastern Triumph had Yan, Mirror Cloud had those who were willing to eliminate evil, and Dao World summoned Ling Wang Xu."

"When the minister is upright, the sovereign rules the world, and now I hear of the virtues of Holy Wave, governing Fenghai, managing the Holy Wave, pacifying the Black Spirit, guarding the land of the human race, and fulfilling the duty of defending the borders."

"I appreciate your sincere heart of loving your roots. Holy Wave is a place where the ancient sovereign established his foundation, a crucial location for the national veins. As such, its importance is unparalleled. I summon the talented and virtuous Xu Qing to enter the Grand Imperial Capital Region. I will personally bestow upon him a residence in the Imperial Academy to learn of the ways to manage the county and officials."

The second imperial edict was for Ning Yan. The wording was much simpler and the intent to teach him a lesson was obvious.

"Twelfth child, Yan, you are unruly and undisciplined, restless in mind and body. You secretly secretly fled the imperial city, and recklessly acted on your own. You should have been strictly monitored, and this negligence is inexcusable."

"However, considering your young age and the early loss of your mother, I have failed in upbringing."

"Moreover, on the account of the fact that you helped the Holy Wave, showing talent and virtue, I will observe your conduct."

"Now, immediately return to the palace without any delay. If there is any deviation in your return journey, I will know, and at that time, you will be judged without mercy."

In the pavilion of the Fenghai County's County Governor's residence, Xu Qing looked at the two imperial edicts in front of him and fell into deep thought.

Old Master Seventh and Marquis Yao weren't here. Only the captain and Ning Yan were with Xu Qing.

At that moment, the captain sat there, eating a peach while looking at the two imperial edicts. He clicked his tongue and glanced at the reserved Ning Yan.

"Little Ning, your father treats you quite well. He first scolded you and then said that he was at fault…"

"This is helping you shoulder the matter of King Tian Lan."

"However, your father is indeed ruthless to you. The harshness of his last sentence has already seeped out of the words. If you make the slightest mistake on the way, he will kill you."

Ning Yan looked at the captain with a fawning expression and secretly glanced at Xu Qing as he spoke in a low voice.

"Captain, don't joke around. My father… doesn't treat me that well. He uttered this because he is helpless to do anything to me on the account of Boss."

"In my heart, there's only Boss and the captain. I don't care about the others."

"I've already thought about it. I'm not going to the Grand Imperial Capital Region. However, if Boss and Captain want to go, Little Ning will definitely follow you immediately."

The captain laughed and put his arm around Ning Yan's neck. He then took out an apple and placed it in Ning Yan's hand.

Ning Yan immediately put on an excited expression. He held the apple and looked at the captain gratefully.

The two of them looked at each other, as though their hearts had fused together and they had become good brothers.

Xu Qing swept his gaze over but didn't say anything.

He knew that he had to answer the Human Emperor's summon no matter what.

Otherwise, the stance of the Holy Wave Large Region would ultimately be incorrect.

Moreover… according to Zi Xuan's senses, the purple lantern was also in the great region of the human race.

Logically speaking, he had to make a trip there.

Moreover, he really wanted to know what the core imperial city of the human tribe was like and what kind of heaven's chosen and sceneries existed there.

In addition… he already knew that the Seventh Prince had fled. Xu Qing had killing intent toward this potential threat.

For the old Palace Master of the Sword Holding Palace and the Seventh Prince's previous actions, everything needed to be settled.

"Also, the Great Emperor is there…"

Xu Qing mumbled inwardly. He then lifted his head and looked in the direction of the Yinghuang Province's Sword Holding Court. He still remembered the majestic emperor's figure he had seen during the Sword Holder's Heart Inquisition Ceremony.

"I will go and greet him."

Determination emerged in Xu Qing's eyes. However, he knew that this trip to the Grand Imperial Capital Region would be a long journey. The path ahead was uncertain, and his return might take quite some time.

Therefore, before he left, he decided to make a trip to the Nanhuang Continent.

He would visit the graves of Grandmaster Bai and Captain Lei.

There was also Huang Yan.

There were some things that Xu Qing already had an answer to in his heart. Hence, he wanted to make a trip to the Phoenix Forbidden and have an open chat with his old friend. Just as he was thinking, a voice rang out in his mind.

"Master, don't worry. When we go to the Grand Imperial Capital Region this time, You Lingzi will definitely guard your wellbeing. If anyone dares to have ill intentions toward Master, I will definitely turn them into ghosts!"

His voice was firm and filled with pride. It was none other than the Diamond Sect's ancestor.

As this voice echoed in Xu Qing's mind, the Diamond Sect's ancestor buzzed out of the void at the side and moved around Xu Qing, emitting a resplendent light. One look and one could tell that he was definitely not ordinary.

Xu Qing's gaze landed on the Diamond Sect's ancestor.

A few days ago, Old Master Seventh gave the fishbone iron stick that he had refined to Xu Qing.

Compared to before, its might had been reborn and there was a qualitative leap. It also emitted an ancient aura.

Originally, the iron stick was only an ordinary item and could at most be considered an ordinary treasure. With the Diamond Sect's ancestor transforming an artifact spirit, it underwent a sublimation and experienced the lightning tribulation, its might increasing greatly.

However, the material was still ordinary.

It was only when the fish bone of the Immortal Forbidden deity was fused that it underwent a fundamental change. With the addition of the flesh of Crimson Goddess and Old Master Seventh's special ancient refinement technique, this treasure was finally refined to an astonishing level.

Its appearance changed even more. It was no longer a thin rod but like a demon-subduing staff, slender at the tip and slightly thicker at the end. It had a pitch-black color, exuding a chilling aura. While sealing the surrounding void, it also emitted a brilliant light, shining on its own.

Especially at the end, there were three carved heads – one representing Immortal Forbidden god, another representing Crimson Goddess, and the last was the face of the Diamond Sect's ancestor.

The first two had their eyes closed and their divine might was restrained. Only the third head had a fawning expression that didn't match the overall situation.

Xu Qing stared at the Diamond Sect's ancestor floating in front of him and recalled what his master had uttered when he handed this item to him a few days ago.

"Fourth, this item uses the Immortal Forbidden God as its bone and Crimson Goddess' flesh as its spirit. Only the artifact soul is a little inferior. However, on account that it's a little silly, it's barely enough. To a certain extent, this is basically a divine embryo."

"It was forged by me using the Summer Immortal's method recorded in the ancient books. Hence, I call it an immortal artifact!"

"You have to remember one thing. The greatest display of an immortal artifact is the terrifying might produced the moment it self-destructs."

"Moreover, this artifact essence is stupid and easy to fool. You have to control it well when you use it later. It's best if you let it self-destruct. This way, its might will be even better."

The Diamond Sect's ancestor couldn't hear these words.

At that moment, it naturally didn't know and was still speaking proudly.

"Even if it's the Little Shadow, I'll poke a thousand holes in it if it continues to rebel, and let it know who is the second boss!"

Xu Qing fell silent. After some thought, he cast an admiring gaze.

The Diamond Sect's ancestor was immediately excited.































































Nanhuang Continent, spring.

Dark clouds filled the sky.

It was clearly noon, but the black clouds were densely gathered. They were endless and their range was extremely large, as though they wanted to blot out all the sunlight.

Coldness covered the ground and bleakness filled the human world. It was the season of life, but there was no sign of vitality. All of this formed a sense of oppression that enveloped an ancient city.

This city had existed for a long time. If one flipped through the ancient books, they would discover that this city could be traced back to the era of the Purple Green Kingdom.

Of course, this Purple Green Kingdom wasn't the mysterious country buried in history but the Purple Green Country of the Nanhuang Continent.

Legend had it that the Nanhuang Continent's Purple Green Country was a branch established by the descendants of the mysterious Purple Green Kingdom back then.

However, it was as though this country was under a curse, and the name 'Purple Green' was not allowed in the world.

Therefore, the Nanhuang Continent's Purple Green Country didn't last long. It faced internal strife and was overthrown by the eight major aristocratic families under its rule.

Hence, there was Purple Earth.

At that moment, in this city that had experienced many years but still retained the architectural style of the past, there weren't many pedestrians. In this Purple Earth with a strict hierarchy, the value of too many people might not be comparable to livestock.

This was the rule of the world and it was very difficult to change. Even if it was forcefully changed, something similar would still happen.

After all, the other side of civilization was exploitation and oppression.

Xu Qing silently walked on the streets of Purple Earth, passing by many ancient buildings. He looked at this city and the people in it. The wind blew from the front, gently fluttering his hair.

In the city, there were his old friends.



In the city, there was his teacher.

Xu Qing swept his divine sense across the city and saw that his old friends were fine. That was enough for him.

As for his teacher… Xu Qing looked at a shop selling flowers beside him. The shops beside the cemetery mostly sold items to offer to the dead. The shopkeeper was a middle-aged man. After noticing Xu Qing, he hurriedly revealed a fawning smile.

Xu Qing's neat clothes and handsome face caused the shopkeeper to immediately realize that he was a big shot. In his guess, the other party should be the son of a dignitary from one of the eight great families.

He didn't dare to offend such a person at all.

Xu Qing's gaze swept over and he bought a bouquet of magnolia. He then walked toward the cemetery and arrived in front of Grandmaster Bai's grave.

Looking at the tombstone and the flowers placed there, Xu Qing's gaze turned gentle. He gently placed the flowers in his hand down and knelt.

"Teacher, may you rest in peace."

Xu Qing mumbled softly and closed his eyes.

The clouds in the sky flowed, revealing a gap, allowing the covered sunlight to cascade down, illuminating the cemetery.

This beam of light was like the dawn, representing beauty. When it landed in the cemetery, it made this place seem like a pure land in the doomsday. It also sent the aura of spring over.

This only beam of light that landed quickly attracted the attention of many people in Purple Earth.

As streams of divine senses swept over, the Purple Earth cultivators were all surprised. They didn't discover any abnormalities in the cemetery.

There was already no one in front of Grandmaster Bai's tomb.

Only the magnolia flowers silently bloomed. In the flower language, it represented the arrival of spring.

Xu Qing had already left.

Same time, but different sky and different seasons.

Spring in Purple Earth was the beginning of winter in the eastern part of the Nanhuang Continent.

The cold wind blew across the ground like a knife, stirring up the snowflakes in the air and mercilessly venting the cold.

In the wilderness, one could see some motionless shadows. They were the corpses of people who had no choice but to migrate and freeze to death.

 The era didn't change, nor would it change much just because Xu Qing had become the lord of a large region. This was because… the fragmented-face in the sky existed forever.

Xu Qing silently walked over and arrived at the scavenger campsite back then. This place was still the same but his old friends were basically all dead. They were reoccupied by those who came later and they continued to gather seven-leaf grass around the forbidden zone.

Dirty, messy, cold, and bloody were still the main themes here.

Even the feather tent existed.

Xu Qing's gaze swept past the scavenger campsite from the sky and finally entered the forbidden zone ahead.

The instant he stepped into the forbidden zone, the entire forbidden zone suddenly rumbled. The fog surrounding the forbidden zone instantly became denser and churned continuously. There were also red lightning bolts that shuttled through the clouds.

All the trees and ferocious beasts in the forbidden zone were trembling.

This drastic change attracted the attention of the scavenger campsite outside. Amidst their horror, roars from the depths of the forbidden zone rang out threateningly.

This sound… was like the helpless cries of a ferocious beast that was constantly retreating in the face of its natural enemy.

There was also the sharp and hurried sound of the zither, as though it wanted to stop Xu Qing from walking over. However, it was meaningless.

Xu Qing's expression didn't change at all. His footsteps were very heavy and with every step he took, the forbidden zone would tremble and rumble. Very soon, all the ferocious beasts in the forbidden zone chose to prostrate.

Only the sound of the zither was left, and it was still struggling.

As for Xu Qing, he was tired of listening. He coldly glanced at the depths of the forbidden zone.

"Noisy."

As soon as he finished speaking, the shadow under his feet immediately spread out. The sound of greed and swallowing surpassed the sound of the zither and covered everything.

The Diamond Sect's ancestor instantly flew out and floated in the air, its tip facing the forbidden zone. It looked like it would directly penetrate a thousand holes as long as Xu Qing gave the order.

The zither music stopped abruptly.

The flowers and plants separated in front of Xu Qing. The trees pulled out their roots and quickly moved aside. Soon, a straight path was opened in front of Xu Qing.

At the end of the path was a trembling tree and an isolated grave in front of it.

Xu Qing calmly walked over until he arrived in front of the lonely grave. He then leaned against the large tree and sat down.

A wine gourd appeared in his hand. He took a sip and poured some on the grave.

He didn't say anything, nor was there a need to say anything. The moment he sat here, Xu Qing's heart became calm. He vaguely felt as though Captain Lei had appeared in front of him and was drinking with him, looking at the sky together.

This lasted until the sun set in the distant sky.

Xu Qing's voice was a little hoarse as he spoke softly.

"Captain Lei, I've found the heavenfate flower…"

This sentence contained reminiscence, regret, indescribable thoughts, and the helplessness of life.

After a long time, Xu Qing sighed softly and finished the wine in the wine gourd in one gulp.

The sun set.

The bright moon rose in the sky.

Under the moonlight, Xu Qing stood up and knelt in front of the lone grave. After bowing, he stood up and walked into the distance. The flowers and trees sprouted behind him, covering this grave.

The wind also sent Xu Qing's voice over.

"I won't kill you, but you have to protect this place well."

As Xu Qing's voice echoed, a blurry figure appeared beside the grave.

This figure wasn't Captain Lei's former lover but an old woman. Upon closer inspection, one could see that there was a broken zither in her hand.

She was the master of this forbidden zone. At this moment, she stared at Xu Qing's back view and silently lowered her head, choosing to obey.

Under the moonlight, Xu Qing walked in the sky, where the moonlight was pure and bright. However, around Xu Qing, it took on a purple hue.

The halo formed by the purple moonlight caused Xu Qing's figure in the dark to be like a god. He arrived at the only forbidden region in the Nanhuang Continent step by step. It was also the largest forbidden region Xu Qing had seen so far.

Phoenix Forbidden.

The Phoenix Forbidden was so large that it occupied more than half of the Nanhuang Continent. In fact, if the Flame Phoenix wanted to, it could easily cover the entire Nanhuang Continent.

Such a large forbidden region produced some bizarre races. These races lived in the forbidden region and no one knew how many of them there were or how many races there were.

Towards outsiders, they followed the Flame Phoenix's decree and didn't take the initiative to harm them. However, if anyone provoked them, they wouldn't hold back.

It was also because of the terror of the Phoenix Forbidden that in the records of many races in the Wanggu Continent, the master of the Phoenix Forbidden was known as the Flame Phoenix and was also known as Nanhuang.

It was mysterious and ancient. It was a rare existence that showed a certain amount of kindness to life.

At that moment, Xu Qing arrived at the edge of the Phoenix Forbidden under the moonlight and stood on a mountain peak in the Truth Mountain Range.

There was someone who clearly knew of his arrival long ago, and was waiting here.

Hence, when Xu Qing walked over, he saw a little fatty sucking on an egg. He sat at the edge of the cliff with an intoxicated expression and even hummed a tune.

"Not falling for worldly affairs, seems to have carved the traces of past relationships. Flowers bloom and fall in their own time. I've become a stone gazing at my wife. Whether going is a must or staying is necessary, I won't rest until my hair is filled with mountain flowers. Don't ask me about my home!"

Hearing this little tune, Xu Qing walked toward Huang Yan and sat beside him.

Huang Yan grinned and threw an egg to Xu Qing. He furrowed his brows and rubbed his small eyes as he smiled.

"Your sister-in-law hasn't given birth yet and her temper is getting worse. Sigh, since you're here, drink some eggs with me."

Xu Qing took the egg and used the same method as before to poke it open. He took a sip and it was extremely delicious.

"How long until Second Senior Sister gives birth?"

Xu Qing gazed at Huang Yan.

Huang Yan had a smug expression as he patted his stomach.

"My seed is extraordinary. It was born as an innate spirit, so it naturally has to be nurtured for a longer time. It will probably be born in a few decades."

Xu Qing nodded. In that case, he should be able to rush back before Second Senior Sister's child was born.

Just like that, Xu Qing and Huang Yan sipped on the eggs and talked about their respective matters during this period of time. Huang Yan mainly talked about his emotions and expectations of becoming a father. Xu Qing talked about his experience in Moon Offering and his intention to go to the imperial capital.

Time slowly passed until the sun rose in the distant horizon. The two of them gazed at each other and smiled.

Xu Qing patted his clothes and stood up up, preparing to leave. He didn't ask if Huang Yan was the Flame Phoenix. This wasn't important. What was important was that he was Huang Yan and a friend.

Huang Yan didn't bring it up either. Everything was unspoken.

However, before Xu Qing left, Huang Yan thought about it and grabbed out a storage bag. He then took out a red feather and handed it to Xu Qing.

This feather was crystalline, like jade but not jade. It emitted a burning intent and a dense divine might rose from it. It was different from all the god auras Xu Qing had encountered.

It seemed to contain the smell of ancient times.

"This is for you."

"I have a younger sister in Nanxin County, the place you have to pass by when you go to the Imperial City. She came to the Nanhuang Continent before and likes the local fruits here. Back then, the yield was not high, but now there are quite a few ripe ones. Could you bring her some on your way?"

"My sister has a bad temper, but she's like me, very loyal."

Huang Yan smiled.

Xu Qing nodded and didn't decline. After he kept it, he looked at Huang Yan.

"Take care."

With that, Xu Qing's body swayed and he walked into the sky.

Huang Yan gazed at Xu Qing with a rueful expression and suddenly spoke.

"Xu Qing, it's still the same thing. If you're unhappy outside, come back to the Nanhuang Continent. This place is safe!"

In the sky, Xu Qing had a serious expression as he nodded heavily and strolled into the distance. His figure gradually left.

Huang Yan's figure also blurred. The moment he disappeared, a pair of huge eyes suddenly unveiled in the depths of the Phoenix Forbidden. His aura spread out, causing all the living beings in the forbidden region to prostrate in His direction.

He gazed into the distance and muttered in a low voice.

"Take care."































































Xu Qing had finished meeting his old acquaintances of the Nanhuang Continent.

As he returned to Fenghai County, a month passed in the blink of an eye.

In this month, under the strategic planning of Marquis Yao and Old Master Seventh, the handover of half of the Black Spirit Region to the Holy Wave Large Region was completed, essentially becoming a unified entity.

Under the governance of Fenghai County, seventeen magnificent bridges were built on the Sacrificial Yin River that bordered the Moon Offering Region.

These bridges spanned the long river, closely connecting the Holy Wave and the Moon Offering.

From then on, trade caravans from both regions had land transportation as well as the existing river transport.

This would be more convenient for some low-level cultivators.

Teleportation arrays were also built, connecting the two regions.

Hence, to a certain extent, in the south of the Wanggu Continent, the territories Xu Qing directly and indirectly controlled were already two and a half large regions.

Such a force was rare among the myriad races in the Wanggu Continent.

To the current human race, it had already surpassed the scope of the vassals and caused many commotions among the nonhuman races.

At the same time, the expansion of territories led to new divisions of rights in various provinces, with most of the major personnel changes originating from the original personnel of Fenghai County.

Grand Duke Holy Wave cooperated fully, so the unification went smoothly.

In the end, a regional residence was established.



Xu Qing's election as the Region Lord didn't have much to do with his cultivation. It was because only he could connect to the Moon Offering, suppress Grand Duke Holy Wave, and simultaneously gain the fervent support of the Black Heaven priests.

If it was anyone else, it would be very difficult for the Moon Offering, Holy Wave, and Black Spirit to become one.

The governance of a large region wasn't a single person's affair, and many times it couldn't be dominated by individual will. Therefore, a council was established in the regional residence for decision-making.

Marquis Yao, Holy Wave's three dynasty's monarchs, the pontiff Yousang, the representative of the Moon Offering, and some powerful races in the region were the members of the council.

They formulated resolutions concerning all matters related to these two and a half large regions and then sent them for review to the higher-level council of elders.

There weren't many members in the council of elders. There were Grand Duke Holy Wave, Old Ninth, and a high priest of Black Heaven whose entire body was wrapped in cloth. In addition, Old Master Seventh was also chosen to become a member.

After the four of them was the heir and Xu Qing.

Under this structure, the Holy Wave Large Region, the Moon Offering Region, and half of the Black Spirit Region began to truly rest and recuperate. The strength they possessed when they joined forces was enough to protect themselves.

Now, a long journey was about to begin.

Xu Qing and Ning Yan would head to the human race's Grand Imperial Capital Region where they would be received by the Human Emperor.

This trip was different from before when Xu Qing and the captain secretly ran to the Moon Offering. At that time, they needed to hide and their statuses were far inferior to now.

However, now, Xu Qing's identity and the forces he represented made it impossible for him to head there secretly and alone.

Hence, his journey required escorts.

30,000 Sword Holders from Fenghai County who had experienced many battles would follow him to the Grand Imperial Capital Region. The leader of the troops was the Sword Holding Palace's Palace Master, Li Yunshan.

Kong Xianglong was among them.

Zi Xuan was also accompanying him, and Wu Jianwu originally didn't want to go, but he couldn't withstand Ning Yan's enthusiasm, so he reluctantly agreed to follow.

Of course, there was one person who couldn't be missing.

That was the captain.

Just like that, as everything in the Holy Wave Large Region proceeded in an orderly manner, the group embarked on their journey to the Grand Imperial Capital Region.

The Grand Imperial Capital Region was extremely far from the Holy Wave Large Region. Its location was located in the center of the Wanggu Continent because the Ancient Sovereign Mystic Nether had unified Wanggu Continent.

In the past, that place was worshiped by all races. It was the peak of the Wanggu Continent and also a holy land.

 Not only did its territory have a special meaning, but its terrain was also different.

If one wanted to head there normally, they would need a long time and would have to pass through the sphere of influence of countless races.

Hence, if one wanted to reach the Grand Imperial Capital Region, not only did they need to use many super-long-distance teleportations, but they also needed a fixed route.

This path had existed during the ancient sovereign's era. It was the ancient path.

The seven enclaves of the human race were built on this ancient path. This was also the reason why the Seventh Prince and King Tian Lan's army could arrive at Holy Wave from the Imperial City in a short period of time.

However, the super teleportation arrays in the seven enclaves required mutual agreement from both ends to activate.

Unilateral operation was not possible.

Hence, the usage of teleportation arrays was different when coming from the Imperial Capital and when heading towards it.

For the former, it was powerful and could facilitate the teleportation of all territories along the way, allowing for rapid preparation and activation. Moreover, it had the authority to ignore the two-way control.

However, the latter didn't have the right.

Such a super teleportation that crossed regions required a long time of preparation to be activated, and the consumption was also terrifying. Xu Qing and the others had to bear the full expenses.

Fortunately, they had the imperial edict and the status of the Holy Wave Large Region was extraordinary now, so it could be much more convenient for communication.

There was naturally such a teleportation array in the Holy Wave Large Region. It was originally built in the Anping province of Fenghai County and occupied almost half of the province's territory.

In all these years, it had only been activated once.

That was when the Seventh Prince arrived back then. Only he had the authority at that time.

After that, this super teleportation array was abandoned. The Seventh Prince wasn't willing to go either, so he built a second one.

King Tian Lan had used the teleportation array built by the Seventh Prince.

At that moment, Xu Qing and the others were standing on the vast teleportation array built by the Seventh Prince.

This array formation covered about half of the province and the boundary couldn't be seen at a glance. The ground was completely paved with green jade and there were countless runes engraved on it.

As the green jade shone and the runes shone, rumbling sounds shook the world and echoed in all directions like thunder. This vast array formation was enveloped by a piercing light.

Its light was as strong as the sun. As the formation shone, it operated at an accelerated speed.

When the array formation was about to be activated, the captain's face was filled with anticipation. He had his own plan and arrangements for this trip to the Grand Imperial Capital Region.

"The Grand Imperial Capital Region. I haven't been there in this life. Although I went there a few times in my previous lives, I failed to rob the tombs."

"Let's see if I can succeed this time."

The captain licked his lips and a hint of madness appeared in his eyes.

Wu Jianwu stood beside the captain. When he saw the glint in the captain's eyes, he let out a cold snort and lifted his head proudly.

"In the boiling sea of fire, the heroic spirit surges in my heart. I'm heading to the Imperial Capital to pay homage to the ancient heroes!"

The main reason why he agreed to go with Ning Yan this time was because he wanted to take a look at the palace of the Ancient Sovereign Mystic Nether and see if there were any poems of the ancient sovereign there.

He felt that his creativity regarding poems had reached a bottleneck. He needed to pursue more traces of the ancient sovereign so that he could truly walk the path of the ancient sovereign.

At the thought of this, Wu Jianwu's eyes lit up.

Ning Yan noticed the glint in the captain's and Wu Jianwu's eyes but didn't mind. At that moment, his emotions were in turmoil and he sighed with emotion.

He thought of the reason why he had secretly escaped back then and the cold Imperial City. Actually, he didn't really want to return, but it was clearly unrealistic.

"With Boss around, I should be fine."

Ning Yan drew in a deep breath and instinctively looked at Xu Qing, who was standing in the distance.

Beside Xu Qing, other than Zi Xuan and Kong Xianglong, the Sword Holding Palace Master, Li Yunshan, was also there. He was speaking to Xu Qing.

"Region Lord, to head to the Grand Imperial Capital Region, you have to undergo seven super teleportations and pass by the other six human counties until you finally teleport into the Grand Imperial Capital Region."

"This kind of super teleportation will cause a lot of discomfort. Hence, after every teleportation, we will have to rest a little."

"The end point of our first teleportation is Tai'an County. It's located in the Ordon Region. There's a lot of conflict between this region and our human race, so in reality, this Tai'an County hasn't ever truly been peaceful for many years."

After Li Yunshan found out that he was in charge of the security along the way, he had researched the route for a long time. At this moment, his words and expressions were calm.

"However, Tai'an County and Fenghai County have occasional dealings, so the communication has been smooth. They have already activated their authority, allowing us to teleport over."

"The teleportation array will be activated now."

"To be safe, we will teleport in three batches this time. The first group will be led by this old man and the Sword Holders. The second group will be the people around the Region Lord, and lastly, the Region Lord."

Xu Qing nodded politely. He had no objections to Li Yunshan's arrangements. At that moment, he looked at this familiar world from afar and anticipation rose for his trip to the Imperial Capital.

Zi Xuan, who was beside him, smiled and grabbed Xu Qing's hand.

Xu Qing retracted his gaze. When he looked at Zi Xuan, green light erupted into the sky from the array formation. The rumbling sounds were even more intense than before. The first batch of teleportation had been activated.

The wind from the teleportation stirred up Zi Xuan's hair, causing her peerlessly beautiful face to be reflected clearly in Xu Qing's eyes.

After a long time, the storm weakened and Zi Xuan's voice rang out softly.

"Xu Qing, I have a feeling that this trip to the Imperial Capital will be of extraordinary significance to you."

Zi Xuan looked into Xu Qing's eyes and smiled gently. The figures of the captain, Ning Yan, and the others disappeared from the array formation under the second flicker of the green light.

In the end, only Xu Qing stood there.

He took a deep breath and looked at the sky.

In this sky, Old Ninth walked out and stared at Xu Qing.

He didn't follow Xu Qing to the imperial capital. If the baby eagle wanted to grow, it couldn't follow its elder forever. Sometimes, only by letting go would there be another level of sublimation.

He had told Xu Qing this before.

Xu Qing understood. He cupped his fists and bowed toward the sky before bowing in the direction of Fenghai County.

Green light flickered and transformed into a sea of light that drowned everything.

After a long time, as this sea of light dissipated and the array formation calmed down, Xu Qing's figure had already disappeared from the array formation.

Old Ninth turned and walked toward Moon Offering.

At the same time, in the pavilion of the capital city of Fenghai County, Old Master Seventh stood there and looked in the direction of the teleportation array. The feeling of watching his children travel far led to him to have a melancholic expression.

"Eldest courted death in his previous lives and should know this depths of the Imperial Capital, so there's no need to bother with him. If he continues to court death, it's fine if he dies."

"Fourth… should indeed make a trip to this Imperial Capital."

"There is some history about this Wanggu Continent that I should inform him about. It will be more profound than what he sees in the Imperial Capital."

"Especially about this Summer Immortal."

Old Master Seventh mumbled and closed his eyes.































































The area of the Wanggu Continent was astonishing. During the ancient sovereign's era, there were a total of 365 large regions.

However, after experiencing numerous catastrophes, divisions, changes in the Earth's crust, and the reorganization of races, the current number remained unknown.

According to the analysis of some races, 30% of the large regions in Wanggu should have become dead lands and their native living beings had already become extinct.

As for the five Divine Realms that appeared on the surface of the Wanggu Continent, three of them were in the dead lands.

Even so, those large regions that weren't dead lands were also places that were difficult for most cultivators to travel past in their entire lives.

Only with the help of super teleportation could a limited number of people cross the regions.

However, such a region-level super teleportation was very difficult to activate due to the standpoint of the races between the various large regions. In fact, there were many large regions that had no way to build such a large array formation for various reasons.

Such super teleportation formations only worked smoothly between the territories of the same race.

Therefore, it was relatively smooth for people of the same race to pass through their own regions. However, if they weren't of the same race, it would be very difficult to cross the regions.

As for the human race, they had relied on their previous advantage to barely leave behind the ancient path that connected the Holy Wave and the Imperial Capital. Now, they could be considered qualified for this super teleportation.

The next stop in the Holy Wave Large Region was the Ordon Region.

This name had existed since the Ancient Sovereign Mystic Nether Era and hadn't changed. In fact, it seemed to have existed even longer, and there were many rumors about its origin.

There was a rumor that was the most widespread.



That was the name of a Heavenly Dao of the Wanggu Continent. When it was alive, it was a cultivator who sacrificed himself to achieve the Dao and protect Wanggu.

Ordon was his name. This large region was his hometown.

However, now, this large region was controlled by three large clans. These three races all thought of themselves as the descendants of Ordon. Each of them had a large number of races attached to them and fought all year round, treating each other as outsiders.

Thus, in this endless war, livelihoods were miserable, and all living things withered away. Various races could only barely survive under these oppressive conditions.

It was also because of this that the human race's Tai'an County could obtain a temporary respite. However, the price was that they had to pay rent to each of the three large clans.

This was because the three great clans had regional treasures.

This regional treasure had flaws and could only be activated by their bloodline sacrifice. Its authority was also divided into three parts. The three clans each controlled one.

Moreover, its might mainly focused on defense. It could suppress everything in the Ordon Region but it was difficult for them to spread its might to other regions.

However, this was enough.

Regarding the rent, out of respect, the Grand Imperial Capital Region didn't issue an explicit order. However, all the past county governors of Tai'an County knew that if they wanted Tai'an County to survive here, they naturally had to lower their heads.

However, this phenomenon changed after the human race's Sun of Dawn erupted.

This time, the human race could lift their heads proudly, and this became obvious in their territories. For example, Tai'an County no longer paid the so-called rent. The three great clans also tacitly agreed to this matter.

At that moment, in the Ningyang province of Tai'an County, the originally pitch-black night sky was instantly illuminated by the resplendent light of the array formation. The world lit up brightly.

The cultivators of Tai'an County became vigilant. All of them had solemn expressions as they stared at the array formation.

They weren't unfamiliar with Fenghai County, but it couldn't be said that they were very familiar with it. However, what had happened in Fenghai County had already spread like a storm through Wanggu.

Hence, they were especially concerned about the teleportation from Fenghai County.

Right now, the light was like a sea that kept erupting. Li Yunshan appeared in the array formation with 30,000 Sword Holders.

The moment they were revealed, they each felt varying degrees of discomfort, but most of them restrained themselves very well. Under Li Yunshan's arrangement, they spread out in all directions and lined up to inspect their surroundings, vigilant of everything.

After confirming that there was nothing wrong, the figures of Zi Xuan, Ning Yan, and the others arrived during the second teleportation. The last figure to appear was Xu Qing.

As soon as he landed, a dry wind blew over.

To Xu Qing, regardless of whether it was the Nanhuang Continent, Fenghai County, or the Holy Wave Large Region, they were all considered coastal regions. Even the Moon Offering was generally cold as a whole.

Therefore, for him, who was accustomed to the humid climate, in this inland Tai'an County, the changes in climate were particularly noticeable.

 As for the discomfort brought about by the super teleportation, Xu Qing didn't experience it. His divine body ignored these.

"Tai'an County." The captain opened his arms and hugged the void beside Xu Qing.

"What a good name. Little Qing, how about we change the name of the Heavenly Bull Mountain Range to Tai Niu later? I think the word 'Tai' is more amazing."

Looking at the captain's excited expression, Xu Qing pondered seriously.

"We can give it a try."

When the captain heard this, a happy smile appeared on his face. Ning Yan, who was at the side, hurriedly nodded and even patted his chest.

"Captain, no problem. If I have greater authority in the future, all the large regions will have the word 'Niu'!"

The captain's eyes lit up. He quite liked the thought and pulled Ning Yan to discuss the details.

Xu Qing didn't participate. He lifted his head and looked at the night sky. The moon in this region was different from the one in the Holy Wave Large Region.

It was very far away and its shape wasn't circular but triangular, like a heavenly mountain.

Its light had a blue tint, casting a similar hue on the ground.

This was the third moon Xu Qing saw. After staring at it for a moment, he retracted his gaze and looked at the human cultivators from Tai'an County who were paying attention to this place. He could sense the other party's vigilance.

Li Yunshan had already flown over and was communicating with them.

As for Zi Xuan, after she teleported here, she had been looking at the array formation under everyone's feet. Her expression was a little strange. She walked to Xu Qing's side and spoke softly.

"Xu Qing, there's something wrong with this teleportation array."

On the moonlit night, in the residual light of the array, Zi Xuan, dressed in a white gown, resembled a fairy. Her skin was fair as snow, and her appearance was exquisite. Her clothes danced in the wind, and her wide sleeves fluttered.

Especially her clear autumn-water eyes and her white jade-like complexion, radiating a faint glow all over her body, made her particularly conspicuous in the crowd.

When Xu Qing heard this, he looked at the array formation under his feet. His shadow spread out under the moonlight and transmitted some emotional fluctuations.

"Big… job…"

A dark glint flashed in Xu Qing's eyes. Li Yunshan's figure flew back. After he quickly arrived in front of Xu Qing, his expression was solemn as he spoke in a low voice.

"I'm afraid we'll have to stay here for a while."

"Is it related to the array formation here?" Xu Qing asked.

Li Yunshan glanced at Xu Qing and nodded.

"There are some things that we didn't know about in Fenghai County. It's a secret that belongs to Tai'an County. This ancient teleportation array is one of them. If we want to activate teleportation here, we need to make some arrangements and preparations. It will take about seven days."

"However, in three days, something will happen to this array formation. It will only recover after half a month."

"It… is alive?" Zi Xuan suddenly asked.

Her voice immediately attracted the attention of the captain, Ning Yan, and Wu Jianwu. Kong Xianglong also had a surprised expression as he lowered his head and observed the array formation under his feet.

However, no matter how one looked at it, this array formation was only an array formation.

However, on the captain's side, there was a glint in his eyes. He even squatted down and touched it with a curious expression.

Li Yunshan also took a deep breath. After he heard about this from Tai'an County earlier, he was equally shocked. At this moment, he spoke in a low voice.

"According to Tai'an County, the ancient teleportation array here experienced the fragmented-face opening Its eyes once a hundred years ago. However, the strange thing is that this place didn't form a forbidden zone."

"However, after that time, this ancient teleportation array… gained its own consciousness. To be precise, it came alive."

"Every half a month, it will change from the state of the array formation and transform into an existence similar to a ferocious beast, playing in the globe of Tai'an County. Wherever it passes, people will be teleported randomly.

However, the range won't exceed this county. Moreover, this activated array formation has the personality of a child and doesn't have much malice. Hence, here, people mostly treat it as a weather change."

"At the same time, it is additionally beneficial. After the ancient array is activated, it will be in a deep sleep for half a month. There will be no need to pay a price for any teleportation, so this county didn't deal with this matter."

"Therefore, we might have to wait for half a month before we can teleport."

After Li Yunshan finished speaking, he looked at Xu Qing.

Xu Qing fell silent and discussed with Zi Xuan, the captain, and the others as well as Li Yunshan. In the end, he decided to stay here for the moment being and wait for the array formation to be activated before they teleported.

They didn't go too far away and set up camp 50 kilometers away from the ancient array.

The cultivators from Tai'an County didn't get close. They maintained a certain distance from Xu Qing and the others and were always on guard.

In reality, it wasn't simply these Tai'an County cultivators who were on guard here. In the Tai'an County Capital, which was some distance away, they were also extremely vigilant. In fact, it was the same for the various races and forces in the entire Tai'an County.

All the races warned their people not to get close to the Ningyang province during this period of time.

Xu Qing and the others didn't disturb this county. After setting up camp, Xu Qing closed his eyes and meditated. Most of the others did the same. Only the captain couldn't sit still. From time to time, he would go out and curiously look at the ancient teleportation array in the distance.

Three days later, late at night, an earth-shattering boom erupted from the ancient teleportation array. Xu Qing opened his eyes and walked out of the tent.

Zi Xuan, Ning Yan, Li Yunshan, Kong Xianglong, and the others additionally walked out one after another and stared at the source.

Gradually, strange expressions appeared on their faces.

The huge teleportation array emitted a dark blue light, and the moon became dimmer at this moment, as though all the moonlight had been absorbed by the ancient array.

Under this light, blue hair grew out of the array formation. More and more of them grew densely. Finally, as rumbling sounds echoed, the ancient array formation… rose from the ground.

The earth trembled more violently, and the sky darkened. The ancient array floated in mid-air, with its flat appearance and swaying hairs, appearing not fierce at all, more similar to a round pancake covered in fur.

As it opened its two large eyes, it actually gave off a cute feeling.

It emitted cheerful sounds as it whizzed towards the distance. The birds in the sky scrambled to disperse, but it was too late. Covered by this furry disc, the flying birds disappeared through teleportation, their destination unknown.

It seemed to be even happier. It swayed again and continued to move further away.

"The globe is vast and there are all kinds of strange things…" Li Yunshan sighed with emotion.

As for Zi Xuan, a hint of recollection appeared in her eyes. She looked at the departing pancake and fell into deep thought.

Xu Qing's heart was additionally stirred. As he grew, he saw too many mysteries and strange things about the Wanggu Continent. It was different every time.

The Wanggu Continent revealed the tip of the iceberg in front of him.

While everyone was surprised by this scene, solely the captain licked his lips. His eyes were shining and his heart was burning.

'This thing seems to be a treasure. Since it was seen by me, it's fated with me!'































































Xu Qing couldn't hear the captain's thoughts.

However, he noticed the light in the captain's eyes. In his memory, the last time there was such a light was when the Seven Blood Eyes was building the sect in the Yinghuang Province, and Nether Fairy passed by the sky in a luxurious immortal robe.

At that time, when the captain looked at Nether Fairy's clothes, the light in his eyes was as intense as it was now.

Clearly, anyone bold enough to flaunt themselves in front of him would strongly attract the attention of the captain.

Xu Qing shook his head and couldn't be bothered to persuade him. He was already used to it.

The captain's actions in the next few days confirmed Xu Qing's guess…

He had indeed taken a fancy to Furry Pancake.

The captain followed Furry Pancake in the sky, trying to get close and play with it.

"Big Fur, wait a moment. I only have half a month. If I don't greet you and get to know you, I'll definitely regret it in the future. There are so many furry beings in the Wanggu Continent, but you're the most special."

Perhaps it was because the captain's words were insincere or his gaze wasn't pure, before he could get close, his entire body would glow and he would disappear in the next instant.

He was teleported away.

However, the captain's perseverance was the source of his madness. Hence, he would return very soon and continue following sincerely.



In fact, as he got closer, he even called out gently to make himself look like he had no ill intentions. In order to make it more realistic, he simply took out a peach and ate it.

This was because only when he ate peaches would the special gentleness in his heart be displayed unconsciously.

"Hello, I think you have a special temperament, so I wanted to come over and get to know you."

Swoosh!

Furry Pancake whistled past and didn't even bother with him, teleporting him away.

Two hours later, the captain's figure ran over from afar, waving his hand.

"Don't leave. Do you know that you really look like an old friend of mine? That's my best friend…"

Swoosh!

He continued to disappear.

Just like that, seven days later, under the captain's incomparable persistence and under his countless gentle words, Furry Pancake, who had never experienced such a thing, finally took notice of Erniu.

For the first time, doubt appeared in its large eyes. This was also the first time it allowed the captain to get within 100 feet of it.

The captain, seeing this, felt excited internally. He experienced a feeling reminiscent of when he gradually approached Li Shitao. So, while eating peaches, he soothingly spoke in a gentle voice, attempting to get closer once again.

However, Furry Pancake was very vigilant. Just as the captain was about to get close, its entire body flashed with light and it was about to teleport the captain.

The captain panicked and quickly spoke.

"Big Fur, you dropped something."

As he spoke, the captain endured his heartache and took out a small piece of Crimson Goddess' flesh. It was even smaller than a fingernail.

As soon as the flesh appeared, Furry Pancake's gaze froze and its vigilance relaxed a little. Taking advantage of this instance, the captain took the flesh and finally arrived in front of Furry Pancake.

He fed this piece of meat to Furry Pancake. Taking advantage of the moment the pancake swallowed it, he used all his strength to grab hundreds of blue hairs on Furry Pancake's body and pulled with all his might.

With a cracking sound, these hundreds of hairs directly broke. The stimulation caused Furry Pancake's entire body to tremble, and a sea of light erupted from it.

In an instant, the surrounding clouds and fog were teleported away, and the captain's figure also disappeared without a trace.

However, this time was different from the past. After emitting the light of teleportation, Furry Pancake didn't continue to play leisurely like before. Its large eyes revealed anger, as though it had been deceived. It continued to erupt with the light of teleportation, causing the sky to brighten.

Immediately after, its body suddenly rushed out, chasing after traces. It locked onto a direction and crossed the void.

Hence, in the following days, the people of Tai'an County saw a shocking scene.

 In the sky, Furry Pancake erupted with a sea of light as it chased after a figure. Every time it caught up, it would open its mouth and instantly devour it, chewing with all its might. However, very soon, it seemed to sense that the figure wasn't the main body.

Hence, it continued to search and devour angrily.

The cycle repeated endlessly.

As for the miserable cries of the person being chased and tortured, they also echoed in all directions many times.

The cultivators of Fenghai County also saw this scene. All of them had strange expressions. Ning Yan and Wu Jianwu sighed with emotion and weren't surprised.

Zi Xuan ignored it.

Xu Qing sighed. In his temporary residence, he looked at the blue worm in front of him and shook his head.

"Eldest Senior Brother, is it worth it?"

This blue worm was the size of a finger and had a human head. It was the captain.

At this moment, his expression was still smug.

"Of course it's worth it. It's fine, it's fine. I guess Furry is a female. It's normal for her to lose her temper, so I prepared a few clones to play with her."

"However, the harvest this time is definitely worth it!"

"Little Qing, this teleportation array isn't simple. Under the fragmented-face's gaze, it should have turned into a forbidden zone but it directly activated and transformed into a living being. Such a mutation is rare. This is equivalent to the fragmented-face's descendant."

"Its body definitely possesses some characteristics of the fragmented-face!"

"So, don't just focus on the fact that I spent a grain of Crimson Goddess' flesh. The significance of those dozen hairs is more important than anything else."

"As long as you're happy." Xu Qing didn't want to bother with it anymore. After saying that, he closed his eyes and silently meditated.

Seeing this, the worm that the captain had transformed into crawled to the side and lay there comfortably. In his heart, he was thinking about how to make use of the hairs to maximize his benefits.

Just like that, as Furry Pancake continued to bite crazily in the sky, time slowly passed. Very soon, another seven days passed. Furry Pancake's anger still didn't dissipate but its sleeping time had arrived.

Even though it was unwilling, it still had no choice but to return to the Ningyang province. When it returned to the ground, it retracted its fur and transformed into an ancient array again, motionless.

It was also time for Xu Qing and the others to leave.

Hence, while Tai'an County was on guard, Xu Qing and the others arrived at the array formation. As light shone, the teleportation was activated.

The moment they teleported, the array formation suddenly shook a few times. It was as though the sleeping Furry Pancake had sensed the aura that made it furious. It wanted to wake up but was unable to do so.

Finally, amidst the unwilling light of the array formation, everyone's figures disappeared from Tai'an County.

After that, their journey crossed many large regions and they teleported several times. There were occasional twists and turns but it was still considered smooth overall. Finally, three months later, their figures appeared on the teleportation array in the last county.

This county was called Nanxin. It was the enclave closest to the Grand Imperial Capital Region and was located in the Gray Sea Region.

The sea in the Grey Sea Region was different from regular seas. Because of the perennial dispersion of dandelion-like floating flowers, the ground was covered with gray cotton for most of the year, resembling a sea from a distance, hence the name.

At first glance, it was similar to the white wind in the Bitter Life Mountain Range, but the essence was clearly different.

When Xu Qing and his party appeared, it was the season where the cotton started separating from the flowers. The sky was filled with drifting cotton, and when the wind blew, it formed an endless sea of gray that covered the land.

It glanced beautiful but to all living beings living here, this was actually an indescribable disaster.

If too much of the gray cotton that filled the sky was absorbed into one's body, it would speed up the withering of one's life. Hence, the myriad races living here either formed a protective barrier around their bodies at all times or wore something to cover themselves.

It was also the characteristics of this large region that caused most of the living beings here to be silent.

When Xu Qing and the others appeared, this was what they saw and felt.

Unlike Tai'an County, their arrival didn't cause Nanxin County to be on guard. Most of the cultivators guarding the array formation in this county were lazy.

This scene didn't only appear in Nanxin County. In reality, the further away they were from Fenghai County, the less vigilance they saw. Clearly, because of the distance, even if the matter in the Holy Wave Large Region spread, it would be very difficult to cause much commotion.

After all, it had nothing to do with them as they were too far away.

Nanxin County was closest to the Grand Imperial Capital Region, so their relationship with the Imperial Capital was naturally closer than the other counties. There were even some marginalized nobles living here.

Xu Qing and the others didn't pay much attention to this. After walking out of the teleportation array, they didn't plan to go out. Instead, they prepared to quickly set up the teleportation array as before for the final teleportation.

This place was only one teleportation away from the Grand Imperial Capital Region.

"We're about to reach the Grand Imperial Capital Region."

Xu Qing glanced into the distance. Through the scattered gray cotton, he stared in the direction of the Grand Imperial Capital Region.

"Huang Yan mentioned a sister who is also in this county."

Xu Qing retracted his gaze. He didn't know how to find the other party. However, according to Huang Yan's explanation, his feather should be able to make his sister aware, allowing her to come on her own.

At the thought of this, Xu Qing looked around. Finally, his stare landed on Ning Yan.

Ning Yan's expression was different from when he was in the other counties. Here, he seemed to be very uneasy and even a little nervous. After noticing Xu Qing's gaze, he took a deep breath and barely calmed down. He quickly walked over and spoke in a low voice.

"Boss, I sensed my third sister's bloodline aura… She didn't hide it, so it's very clear. I think she sensed me too."

"Princess Anhai?" The image of the princess he had met at the Seventh Prince's place appeared in Xu Qing's mind.

"I have a rough idea why she would appear here. It's because in Nanxin County, there's an elder who served as the wet nurse for the Third Princess and the Fifth Prince."

"Because the Third Princess and the Fifth Prince had outstanding achievements when they reached adulthood, the Human Emperor specially allowed her to retire in this county. This is also that elder's hometown."

As Ning Yan spoke, a form flew over from the distant horizon. It shuttled through the gray sea and emerged in front of Xu Qing and the others, transforming into a maidservant.

This maidservant's stare was sharp and her cultivation was extraordinary. After she appeared, the first people she glanced at were Li Yunshan and Zi Xuan. After that, she looked at Xu Qing and her expression was clearly restrained. Finally, she looked at Ning Yan beside him.

She lowered her head slightly and bowed before speaking slowly.

"Greetings, Twelfth Highness."

"The princess is accompanying Granny Sun to arrange a banquet. She sensed the aura of the Twelfth Prince, so she ordered this servant to come and invite you."































































Xu Qing didn't know much about Princess Anhai. When he had seen her at the Seventh Prince's banquet back then, she didn't speak much. However, through the analysis after that and the trend of the Holy Wave Large Region, he could still see her intelligence.

Back then, looking at the Seventh Prince's reaction, he seemed to be a little wary of Princess Anhai.

In addition, from the maid servant's actions, one could tell that she was neither servile nor overbearing. Her expression and words were calm and revealed appropriate respect.

Hence, Xu Qing glanced at Ning Yan.

Ning Yan hesitated.

When the maidservant saw this, she didn't say anything else. After bowing to Ning Yan and Xu Qing, she turned and left.

Seeing that the other party had left, Ning Yan sighed.

"Boss, that Granny Sun is close friends with the Third Sister's biological mother and Fifth Brother's biological mother."

"The relationships are complicated. I might have to make a trip there. Boss, can you accompany me?"

Ning Yan looked at Xu Qing hesitantly, feeling a little uneasy.

The closer he got to the Grand Imperial Capital Region, the more nervous Ning Yan became. The hesitation of not wanting to return was very obvious.

Xu Qing thought about it. It would take a few days for the array formation to be set up, so there was enough time. Since Ning Yan made such a request, he must be really uncertain.



Xu Qing nodded.

"Let's go."

When Ning Yan heard Xu Qing's words, he immediately perked up. With Xu Qing around, he was confident.

Just like that, the two of them left the location of the teleportation array.

Zi Xuan wanted to maintain the array formation with Li Yunshan, so she didn't go with him. As for the captain, he had been studying Furry Pancake's hairs for the past few months and didn't have the mood to go.

Hence, only Xu Qing and Ning Yan flew toward Granny Sun's residence under the protection of some Sword Holders.

There was no need to identify the exact location. Ning Yan relied on his connection with Princess Anhai and quickly found the place. It was a courtyard that looked like a garden, covering a considerable area. The flowers were in full bloom, and there was a constant array formation isolating the gray cotton.

All the artificial mountains inside were made of jade. There was also a spirit spring that had been moved over, causing the spirit energy in the entire courtyard to be dense. Its level was far from what ordinary sects in Fenghai County could compare to.

In the center of the courtyard, there was a banquet taking place. Seated at the head was an elderly woman, with a kind and gentle smile, dressed in luxurious attire. She was engaged in conversation with a young girl in palace attire.

Below, there were two rows of tables with guests, toasting and enjoying themselves. Numerous maidservants moved around, changing plates and offering fresh fruits from time to time.

In the middle, there were nine tall cultivators fighting.

As they intertwined, spell fluctuations echoed. Their demeanor was extraordinary and very interesting.

Through the bloodline connection, Princess Anhai sensed Xu Qing and Ning Yan's arrival immediately. She whispered something into the old woman's ear and the old woman nodded slightly.

The moment Xu Qing and Ning Yan got close, the array formation in the courtyard opened on its own, revealing a path.

Ning Yan took a deep breath and looked at Xu Qing beside him. His heart calmed down a little again and he walked into the array formation with Xu Qing, appearing in the courtyard.

The battle at the banquet paused for a moment. The cultivators in the middle respectfully retreated. Ning Yan quickly walked a few steps and arrived in front of the old woman. He cupped his fists and bowed.

"Greetings, Granny Sun."

Granny Sun's gaze landed on Ning Yan, her expression a little cold. After nodding slightly, she no longer bothered with him. She didn't even glance at Xu Qing and continued to speak to Princess Anhai.

As Princess Anhai responded, she nodded at Ning Yan and Xu Qing with an apologetic expression.

Ning Yan didn't feel anything about this. He was long used to others' coldness. At this moment, he felt that it was still alright and chose the table at the end to sit down.

Xu Qing didn't care about the coldness of unrelated people. He only cared if the other party had any ill intentions.

His expression was calm as he sat beside Ning Yan.

The banquet continued.

 The two of them attracted the attention of the others. Some discussed through voice transmissions, some smiled and nodded, and some had disdain written all over their faces.

After experiencing so many things, Xu Qing was well aware that people's expressions were often a reflection of their inner thoughts, but more often than not, they were just masks.

Hence, no matter what other people's expressions were, these weren't important.

He picked up the flask in front of him and took a sip. His eyes narrowed slightly. The wine here was much better than in Fenghai County.

Despite being alcohol, it felt thick and viscous in the mouth, prompting a few words to surface in Xu Qing's mind.

Ambrosial nectar.

After tasting it, Xu Qing simply drank a few more mouthfuls. Ning Yan, who was at the side, saw this and spoke in a low voice.

"Boss, I know a few wine shops that have some good wine in the Imperial Capital. I'll get them for you when we arrive there."

Xu Qing nodded slightly. He sat there and sipped the wine. He was prepared to drink until the end of today's banquet.

As time passed, the banquet featured various delights, and laughter echoed throughout. Every now and then, Princess Anhai would share some cheerful words with Granny Sun, bringing smiles to everyone present.

Only Xu Qing and Ning Yan were left out. The former calmly drank the wine while the latter accompanied him at the side. When he sensed that the wine was finished, he immediately called for the maidservant to bring more.

As for Princess Anhai, she didn't seem to have any ill intentions. She tried many times to get them to join her but to no avail. Although Granny Sun couldn't be considered malicious, she didn't care too much. She was still cold.

In the end, because Princess Anhai couldn't personally speak, she could only get the maidservant beside her to send a message.

"Please don't misunderstand. The princess has good intentions. Although Granny Sun has left the Imperial Capital, she has a lot of connections in the Imperial Capital. The families of many nobles and influential people are all her friends. If she acknowledges the twelfth highness, she can help him smooth over many potential malice. The princess originally had this intention."

Xu Qing nodded and raised his wine glass toward Princess Anhai.

Princess Anhai nodded slightly. She indeed had good intentions, but it was a pity that Granny Sun clearly didn't like Ning Yan very much.

This lasted until the clouds in the sky gradually turned red and the red clouds spread. When the sun set, Xu Qing burped.

The wine was quite enjoyable for him, and as he was about to get up to leave with Ning Yan, a thunderous sound echoed through the sky.

This thunder exploded and rumbled in the sky. The red clouds churned and scattered, and the sky was instantly covered by a layer of rainbow light. It was like a rainbow curtain that covered the sky.

Within this colorful curtain, there was a gigantic peacock that covered the sky. It rapidly transformed from within the illusion until fully revealed, and the so-called rainbow colors turned out to be its tail feathers.

This peacock was extraordinary and extremely beautiful. Its appearance caused the world to lose its color and all living beings to feel inferior.

This scene shocked most of Nanxin County, and it was even more so for everyone in the courtyard below the rainbow-

colored sky.

Most of them stood up and looked at the sky. Even Granny Sun, who was beside Princess Anhai, revealed joy in her eyes as she looked at the sky.

"Spirit Aura Emperor!"

In the Gray Sea Region, there were several forbidden zones but only one forbidden region.

It was called the Tomb of Radiance.

There was an emperor in the forbidden region called Aura. Because it was quite friendly to the myriad races and its strength was terrifying, it lived in peace with the various races in the Gray Sea.

The external world called it the Spirit Aura Emperor.

It rarely went out. Every time it appeared, the rainbow light would purify the gray cotton, and because of its beautiful appearance, it was considered an auspicious sign in the Gray Sea.

There was a past connection between it and Granny Sun. She had once done Granny Sun a favor in her early years. Even now, in the eyes of many people, this kindness served as a layer of protection for Granny Sun.

Seeing the figure of her benefactor, a smile appeared on Granny Sun's face. Her expression was filled with respect and she was about to watch the other party leave because she knew that the Spirit Aura Emperor rarely went out. It would only appear when it had something to deal with.

Hence, in her opinion, the other party was only passing by.

However, very soon, her heart trembled.

She wasn't the only one who was shocked. The others in the courtyard and Princess Anhai were all extremely shocked.

This was because the Spirit Aura Emperor, which represented auspiciousness, didn't leave after revealing its figure. Instead, it walked toward the courtyard. As it got closer, its body flickered with light. Finally, when it reached the top of the courtyard, it had already transformed from a peacock to a human.

She had a graceful figure, a cold expression, and a peerlessly beautiful appearance. She was like the plum in winter snow, arousing distant thoughts and making one forget that its branch had thorns.

Her black hair was tied up with a jade hairpin. As she walked over, the pearl flowers swayed and scattered, creating a colorful spectacle in the air.

She was dressed in palace attire and looked otherworldly, standing with elegance and pride. Her phoenix-like eyes were eye-catching. When one looked at her, they would subconsciously lower their head.

Especially the sleeves of the purple palace attire that were fluttering in the wind. It gave her a grace beyond words, exuding a noble and ethereal charm.

This scene could only be described as a fairy descending to the mortal world.

Granny Sun's expression was solemn as she respectfully spoke.

"Welcome, Spirit Aura Emperor."

The others, even Princess Anhai, hurriedly greeted. Ning Yan also took a deep breath. He was intimidated by the other party's beauty. It was unknown if it was the light from the sun or his own heartbeat that caused his face to turn red.

As for the fairy-like Spirit Aura Emperor, her expression was calm when faced with everyone's greetings. She only nod at Granny Sun and didn't bother with her anymore. Instead, she walked into the courtyard step by step.

Under everyone's gazes, she walked toward the end of the banquet.

As she got closer, Ning Yan, who was standing there, became increasingly excited. He felt that the other party was staring at him but very soon, he shockingly discovered that the person she was staring at was not him but… Xu Qing.

Spirit Aura Emperor stood in front of Xu Qing.

"Xu Qing? Huang Yan told me about you."

A cold voice rang out from her mouth.

This scene instantly turned into thunder in everyone's hearts. Everyone couldn't take their eyes off it as disbelief filled their minds.

This was especially so for Granny Sun.

She had heard of Xu Qing but she didn't care too much. After all, they were unrelated. No matter what the other party was like, she didn't have any descendants to worry about, so she naturally didn't need to deliberately befriend him.

If they got along well, she would lend a hand. If not, the person would just be a passerby."

However, now, the Spirit Aura Emperor, who rarely appeared, actually came specially for the other party. This scene caused her previous thoughts to waver.

As for Xu Qing, although he was surprised, this was also within his expectations. He already had an answer to the other party's identity.

Hence, he cupped his fists and bowed, taking out the feather and pouch that Huang Yan had given him.

The Spirit Aura Emperor's gaze swept across the feather. In the end, she took the bag and opened it. She then took out a red fruit and placed it in her mouth to suck. After that, she gazed around and simply sat beside Xu Qing. She then called for Xu Qing to sit down as well.

After Xu Qing sat down obediently, the Spirit Aura Emperor took out a fruit and passed it to Xu Qing.

"Eat?"

Xu Qing took it and placed it in his mouth to inhale. Immediately, his eyes lit up. The taste of this fruit was extremely special. It was even purer and thicker than the wine he had drunk previously.

Everyone gazed at each other. Ning Yan's heart raced. He looked at the Spirit Aura Emperor and then at Xu Qing. His heart was suddenly filled with pride.

"This is my boss!"

Ning Yan lifted his head and puffed out his chest as he sat down as well.

The banquet paused for a moment before proceeding again with Granny Sun's solemn arrangements. Moreover, the specifications were even higher than before. All the gazes were focused on Xu Qing.

A smile slowly appeared on Granny Sun's face. She gazed at Xu Qing and then at Ning Yan. After some thought, a kind expression appeared on her face.

"Twelfth highness, come to this old woman's place and let me take a good look at you. Time flies so quickly. The scene of your mother entering the palace, the ceremony His Majesty held for her was so grand. Many years have passed, but the memories are yet vivid in my mind."































































Granny Sun's words made everyone at the banquet lower their heads, concealing their expressions.

This was because some people were taboo and couldn't be mentioned.

Princess Anhai's eyes also revealed a strange glint. She understood her wet nurse and knew that when the other party was young, not only did she have a wide network of connections, but she also had extraordinary skills.

Otherwise, it would be impossible for her to be both her and the fifth prince's wet nurse.

It was even more impossible for her to survive in the palace until now and be rewarded by the Human Emperor to retire.

All of this meant that the wet nurse was wise and loyal to the Human Emperor.

Hence, with Granny Sun's experience, she naturally knew that words were often both a weapon and an attitude. Any sentence wasn't just the meaning expressed on the surface.

In that case, the words she said earlier held deep meaning.

Princess Anhai, lost in thought, couldn't help but glance at her kindly wet nurse beside her. Regarding the background before the latter entered the palace, she couldn't find any traces or information, with no way of knowing or searching for it.

She only knew that the other party had a daughter who unfortunately died prematurely. Later, upon her mother's request, the woman was arranged to enter the palace and became her wet nurse.

The wet nurse of the royal family wasn't just someone who simply breastfed; they also held a special status.

In order to prevent the politics in the harem from affecting the dignity of the imperial family, the imperial court often employed various methods to weaken the relationship between the princes and their birth mothers, and the wet nurses played a role in this process.

They were in charge of the lives of the princes and princesses, accompanying them, guiding them in the early stages until they reached adulthood.



They replaced the role of the mother and accompanied them day and night. Hence, the formation of the princes' outlook on life and values would be affected by the wet nurse. The wet nurse would directly affect the princes' attitude when he did things in the future and his methods of dealing with some things.

Hence, in the imperial family, the wet nurse was a mother as well as a teacher.

While Princess Anhai was deep in thought, Granny Sun gently patted her arm. Princess Anhai hurriedly lifted her head and instinctively smiled as she looked at Ning Yan.

Ning Yan's expression was a little complicated.

Granny Sun's words reminded him of his mother. What followed was the melancholy in his heart and the memories buried deep in his mind.

He couldn't remember his mother's appearance clearly.

As for his mother's name, it had become a taboo in the imperial city. No one dared to mention it. In his memory, this was the first time he heard someone mention his mother after she passed away.

Hence, Ning Yan took a deep breath and stood up to walk in front of Granny Sun. He then cupped his fists and bowed.

Granny Sun looked at Ning Yan and maintained a kind smile as she summoned him to the other side of her.

She even placed Ning Yan's palm in her hand.

However, she sighed inwardly. She naturally knew the purpose of Anhai bringing Ning Yan here. However, after she left the imperial city, she wasn't too willing to participate in imperial politics.

After all, the death of King Tian Lan and the Human Emperor's decree implied that there might be a storm of succession that was about to sweep through the Imperial City.

Another important point was Ning Yan…

The younger generation didn't know about the history that had once been suppressed, but she had personally seen the rise of Ning Yan's mother and her peerless talent. She had also witnessed the blood tragedy overnight and the death of another prince.

That was Ning Yan's twin brother.

From that day onwards, Ning Yan was intentionally distanced from others.

Hence, when she treated Ning Yan and Xu Qing previously, she was cold but didn't harbor any malice. They minded their own business and stayed in their own lane.

However, the arrival of the Spirit Aura Emperor made everything different.

Although she wouldn't gamble everything on someone, she still had to take appropriate care of him. Hence, there was that sentence from before and her current actions.

Behind everyone at the banquet, there were countless connections with the Imperial City.

Her words and actions would probably be known by some thoughtful people very soon.

This was enough.

 Just like that, when the banquet continued until the bright moon was in the sky, the Spirit Aura Emperor stretched and stood up to leave. Xu Qing also stood up and bade farewell to Granny Sun.

Looking at Xu Qing, a hint of deep meaning appeared in Granny Sun's eyes. After some thought, she took out three jade tokens and handed them to Ning Yan.

After Ning Yan arrived at the Imperial Capital, he would send them to her three old friends on her behalf.

Ning Yan instinctively looked at Xu Qing. Xu Qing nodded slightly. Hence, Ning Yan took a deep breath and solemnly took them.

After that, they left.

On the way back to the teleportation array, under the moonlight, Ning Yan was clearly reminded of the past. His mood was low as he silently followed beside Xu Qing.

Halfway there, Xu Qing patted Ning Yan's shoulder.

"It's fine. No matter what, you're still a Sword Holder of Fenghai County."

When Xu Qing's words landed in Ning Yan's ears, warmth rose in his heart. He let out a long breath and spoke softly.

"Thank you, Boss."

"Actually, it's nothing much. I'm just afraid of embarrassing you. As a prince, I actually don't have much status in the Imperial City. I'm marginalized and no one comes into contact with me."

"I know the reason. It's because of my mother. She's a taboo in the Imperial City…"

"I originally had a big brother. We were twins. His personality was more decisive than mine and he was smarter than me. He was better at everything than me. Although he was taciturn, nothing seemed to be able to stump him."

"He treated me extremely well. I was a bit timid when I was a child, and he protected me. But he died, too. The day after my mother's death, he passed away. Everyone in the mansion died together, except for the most useless one – me."

"After that, I was at a loss and helpless in the Imperial City. I had to tread carefully, all alone."

"The huge imperial city…"

Ning Yan shook his head bitterly.

"It was only a few years later that I received a decree from my father. He instructed me to go to Fenghai County, to live there incognito, and silently record everything."

"After that, I met you, Boss."

Ning Yan looked at Xu Qing. Under the moonlight, in the wilderness, he revealed something he never told outsiders. This was because on his way here, unknowingly, Xu Qing was becoming more and more similar to his elder brother.

Xu Qing lifted his head and looked at the sky. No one knew who he was thinking of… After a long time, he lifted his hand and ruffled Ning Yan's hair.

"After we go to the Imperial City, if you're unhappy, we'll return to Fenghai County together."

"Mm!" Ning Yan nodded vigorously.

Xu Qing smiled and continued forward.

They strolled further and further away until they disappeared into the horizon.

A few days later, the ancient teleportation array was activated. Xu Qing and the others left through the teleportation array, and there was someone else with them.

That was Princess Anhai.

She arrived before the teleportation array was activated and headed to the Grand Imperial Capital Region with Xu Qing and the others.

As the light of the array formation disappeared, on a vast land separated by three regions from the Gray Sea, in an array formation that occupied a huge area, light shone.

The size of this array formation far surpassed all the teleportation ancient arrays Xu Qing had seen on the way. It was three times larger and the materials were even more astonishing. They were all forged from high-grade spirit stones. Moreover, there were countless gigantic rocks around the teleportation array.

Every one of them was engraved with runes that emitted terrifying fluctuations.

Further away, there was a military camp.

Their duty was to guard the teleportation array. There were human soldiers patrolling the surroundings at all times.

There wasn't only one of such an array formation on this land. There were others in different areas and they had their own guards.

As for this land, it was ring-shaped!

It was like a ring with a large range that was similar to many smaller regions.

However, this place was only a portion of the human race's Grand Imperial Capital Region.

Within this ring-shaped land, separated by expanses of abyss, there was another ring-shaped land. Even deeper within, such circular lands were nested, one after another, numbering to a total of a hundred.

At the center of the encirclement of these hundred rings, there was a huge star. It was majestic and astonishing. Even from afar, one could faintly see its shadow.

It wasn't formed from soil, and was gaseous!

Clouds and fog lingered above. From time to time, vortices would appear like a storm. Accompanied by lightning, rumbling sounds echoed in all directions.

This was a gigantic and astonishing gaseous star.

The rings around the planet were ring-shaped lands.

Below this huge planet was a pitch-black abyss.

"This is the Grand Imperial Capital Region!"

"The entire Grand Imperial Capital Region can actually be seen as floating in the air. Below the Grand Imperial Capital Region is an abyss that is bottomless. Very few people know what really exists inside. However, there are legends that that place leads to a place called Brilliant Heaven."

"As for the appearance of the Grand Imperial Capital Region, it is an astonishing gaseous star. It was refined by the Ancient Sovereign Mystic Nether countless years ago from beyond this world and used as his palace. It is now the ancestral land of our human race."

"Even the descendants of the imperial family aren't qualified to enter the gaseous planet. Only the Human Emperor and the future crown monarch are qualified to enter the planet to worship their ancestors."

"The 100-layer rings around this gaseous planet is where our people live. The outermost layer is under our feet. This place looks like the ground but it's actually formed by light after it was solidified by divine abilities."

"These rings go from the outside to the inside. The closer one is to the gaseous star, the higher the living requirements and level. As for the innermost level… it's the imperial city of our human race."

On the outermost ring of the gaseous star, as the teleportation array shone, Xu Qing and the others appeared together with Princess Anhai.

The moment she appeared, Princess Anhai's voice rang out.

Everyone from Fenghai County was shocked by the vast scene in front of them. Even though they couldn't see too much due to their cultivation, Princess Anhai's utterances created a scene in the minds of every Fenghai County cultivator.

However, the captain curled his lips and didn't care. As for Zi Xuan, she stared at the shadow of the planet with confusion in her eyes.

Although the others were shocked, they quickly suppressed the waves in their minds and recovered. They were all silent. Xu Qing also retracted his gaze and glanced at Princess Anhai, nodding slightly.

Princess Anhai's expression was calm, but she was surprised inwardly. She understood that because the human race's Grand Imperial Capital Region was the first Wanggu Region built by the ancient sovereign, it was different from ordinary large regions. It was very difficult for anyone to be calm when they first saw it. The cultivators of Fenghai County were the same previously, but their recovery speed was too fast.

However, she quickly suppressed her surprise and continued to travel with Xu Qing and the others. Just like that, several days passed. Under Princess Anhai's arrangements, they teleported all the way to the imperial city in the innermost ring.

As they got closer and closer, the gigantic gaseous planet became clearer and clearer in everyone's eyes.

As the clouds flowed, the planet that was surrounded by clouds would occasionally reveal a vast and astonishing statue of the Ancient Sovereign Mystic Nether.

That statue sat cross-legged and meditated on this star. Although it was dead, its expression was lifelike and its aura towered into the sky.































































"This star is called the Ancient Sovereign Star!"

"It's not only the palace of the Ancient Sovereign Mystic Nether; inside, there's also an inheritance of the Ancient Sovereign Mystic Nether. Only those who have the emperor's aura are qualified to comprehend it. However, so far, successive generations of the imperial family have been unable to obtain it."

While everyone was staring at the Ancient Sovereign Planet, Princess Anhai's voice echoed. Along the way, she had been introducing the Grand Imperial Capital Region to Xu Qing and the others.

"As for this huge statue of the ancient sovereign sitting on the Ancient Sovereign Planet, I've seen a description in some ancient books. Originally, it didn't exist."

"After the ancient sovereign left, it suddenly arrived from beyond the sky during the era of the Human Sovereign Mirror Cloud and landed here. Accompanying it was a decree from the Holy Land."

"As for the content, there are no records in the ancient books. Very few people know about it."

"To us humans, the entire Ancient Sovereign Planet is both an ancestral land and a taboo land. You can only comprehend it from outside during special periods."

As Princess Anhai spoke, Xu Qing and the others' understanding of the Grand Imperial Capital Region slowly increased. However, while others were listening attentively, the captain looked at the Ancient Sovereign Planet with desire hidden in the depths of his eyes. Regret rose in his heart.

'I vaguely remember that I died several times trying to enter this place… but I didn't succeed.'

The captain was indignant. His gaze then landed on the abyss of nothingness and he sighed again.

'I've never succeeded in entering that place either.'

While the captain was sighing with emotion, Princess Anhai continued to introduce more things.



As for Zi Xuan, her expression became even more complicated. Finally, she looked at the Ancient Sovereign Planet and reminisced. She remembered that this planet used to be her home in her previous life.

As for Ning Yan, although he didn't know as much about the Ancient Sovereign Planet as Princess Anhai, he had been here since he was young and was used to it. Hence, he kept nodding at the side.

Beside him, Wu Jianwu had an excited expression. He felt that there was a high chance that the breakthrough to his poem creativity was here. He was even fantasizing that there must be authentic poems in the bedroom of the ancient sovereign on the Ancient Sovereign Planet.

As for Xu Qing, his attention wasn't completely on the Ancient Sovereign Planet.

His gaze followed the void between the two rings of land and looked at the abyss below the Grand Imperial Capital Region.

Previously, Princess Anhai had said that the abyss was rumored to lead to an unknown place called Brilliant Heaven. Others didn't know what Brilliant Heaven was but after experiencing the incident in the Moon Offering Region, Xu Qing had some understanding of it.

That was the hometown of Crimson Goddess and also Li Zihua's hometown. It was also a taboo that was suppressed by the Wanggu Continent.

While Xu Qing was thinking, some of the words in Princess Anhai's introduction fell into his ears, stirring up some waves and interrupting his contemplation.

"In addition, all the Heavenly Marquises, Heavenly Kings, and Great Emperors who died in battle during the Ancient Sovereign's era left their inheritances on this planet. Back then, before the Ancient Sovereign Mystic Nether left, the human Heavenly Kings who followed him to the Holy Land also left their inheritances on this planet."

"The last person who left the inheritance is the Sword Holding Emperor."

"He was the last great emperor of the human race. His main body died in battle to protect the human race and his clone stayed in the Grand Imperial Capital Region."

"As for the inheritance left behind by the Sword Holding Emperor, it's his emperor sword. It was buried in the depths of the Ancient Sovereign Planet and has been silent for countless years…"

Xu Qing lifted his head and stared at the Ancient Sovereign Planet.

The words 'Sword Holding Emperor' had a profound meaning to him.

Coming here to pay respects to the Sword Holding Emperor was also one of Xu Qing's goals for this trip. Hence, he suddenly spoke.

"Your Highness Anhai, is the Sword Holding Emperor's avatar on the Ancient Sovereign Planet or…"

Xu Qing looked at Princess Anhai.

This was the first time he had spoken since he arrived in the Grand Imperial Capital Region. When Princess Anhai heard this, she immediately took it seriously.

"The statue formed by the Sword Holding Emperor's avatar isn't on the Ancient Sovereign Planet. This was his choice when he was alive. He chose to place his avatar outside the Ancient Sovereign Planet as the last line of defense for the human race and the ancestral land."

"After teleporting a few more times, we'll be able to see it when we get close to the imperial capital."

Xu Qing nodded and everyone continued forward.

Time flowed by. Xu Qing and the others moved forward in the Grand Imperial Capital Region. Due to the presence of Princess Anhai, their journey was very smooth. After going through three teleportations, they finally saw the imperial capital of the Ancient Sovereign Planet the next morning.

Xu Qing also saw… the Sword Holding Emperor!

 The entire inner ring was the imperial capital. At the edge of the ring-shaped land, there were towering black towers that reached into the clouds and vast statues that intersected with each other.

They surrounded the Ancient Sovereign Planet and formed a circle.

The statues inside had different shapes and auras. Moreover, they were all humans. There were men and women, old and young, and their expressions were all different. The seven emotions and six desires could all be sensed on different statues.

"The black towers are a component of the Imperial City's array formation. As for the statues surrounding the Imperial City, other than the Sword Holding Emperor, the others were all built by later generations. They are all the saints who died or left with the ancient sovereign. There are also the successive Human Emperors."

"There are the oldest 108 heavenly marquises, the former 33 Heavenly Kings, and the nine Great Emperors."

"Although there were 27 Heavenly Kings who were qualified to stand here during the Human Sovereign Eastern Triumph's era, after the Mystic Heaven Incident, the fate of the human race declined. During the era of Human Sovereign Holy Heaven, only five Heavenly Kings were qualified. During the Human Sovereign Mirror Cloud, there were only six Heavenly Kings."

"As for the Human Sovereign Dao World's era, other than the Human Sovereign, there was no one else qualified to have a statue here. It's the same in the Mystic War Calendar now."

Princess Anhai sighed softly. Kong Xianglong, who had been silent the entire time, couldn't help but speak.

"What cultivation level is needed for this qualification?"

"Ruler."

"During the era of the ancient sovereign, only the rulers could be classified as Heavenly Marquises. The so-called Heavenly Marquises were the feudal lords who could suppress a region."

"Only those at the peak of the ruler realm can be titled as Heavenly Kings. A Heavenly King can rule over many regions or just one domain, depending on their intentions. The orders of a ruler are only inferior to the sovereign and emperors."

At this point, Princess Anhai glanced at Xu Qing.

"Senior Li Zihua, the former ruler of the Moon Offering Region, was one of the Heavenly Kings under the ancient sovereign back then. His statue is also here."

"What about the Great Emperor?" Xu Qing slowly asked.

"During the Ancient Sovereign Mystic Nether Era, there were occasionally Great Emperors among the myriad races, but there were very few of them. Only our human race enjoyed the luck of the ancient times and nine Great Emperors appeared. Their cultivation levels surpassed the ruler and they were known as… Quasi Immortals."

"After the ancient sovereign era, there have been no more Great Emperors among the myriad races."

"Quasi Immortal…" Xu Qing mumbled. His gaze was deep as he looked at the inner-ringed imperial capital in front of him.

He saw statues and also a shocking statue in front of him that was different from the others.

This statue was of a middle-aged man. At first glance, he looked refined, but upon closer inspection, one could sense that his eyes contained sternness and domineeringness. It was as though in a fit of his anger, the ground would collapse and the sky would burn.

His gaze looked like he could kill even gods.

He placed his hands behind his back and the sword qi behind him overflowed into the sky. His entire body emitted a white light that was dazzling and lifelike. It was as though his true body was standing there, shaking the surroundings.

He was the last Great Emperor of the human race and the only Sword Holding Emperor who didn't leave with the Ancient Sovereign Mystic Nether and stayed behind to protect the human race.

Xu Qing stared at the Great Emperor's statue and drew in a deep breath. He then lowered his head slightly to show his respect from afar. After that, he asked Princess Anhai a question he hadn't known the answer to for a long time.

"What cultivation level is the Ancient Sovereign Mystic Nether at?"

As soon as Xu Qing spoke, everyone in the surroundings listened attentively. The captain also put on a curious expression. Only Zi Xuan kept looking at the Ancient Sovereign Planet.

Anhai fell silent. After a long time, she spoke softly.

"The cultivation of the Ancient Sovereign Mystic Nether is an enigma. However, there was a record of the Ancient Sovereign in the imperial family's records."

"At the end of the chaotic era, the sovereign came from the south, stepping into the Yinghuang Province. The earth undulated, and the heavens bestowed their blessings, declaring him as Quasi Immortal. For the next three thousand years, the human race prospered, and myriad tribes came to pay homage. The Great Emperors bowed, honoring him as Summer Immortal."

"Summer Immortal!" Xu Qing's eyes narrowed. At the side, Zi Xuan suddenly spoke.

"He is the last… Summer Immortal in the myriad races in the countless years of Wanggu."

Zi Xuan's words caused everyone to cast sidelong glances at her. Princess Anhai also looked at Zi Xuan, puzzled.

Zi Xuan closed her eyes and didn't speak again.

Everyone fell silent.

Xu Qing had long noticed the reminiscence on Zi Xuan's face. He didn't continue asking and walked toward the imperial city in front of him.

As the group got closer, the statue of the Sword Holding Emperor in front of them became clearer.

The black towers that were separated by the statues also shone with a dim light. Layers of invisible array formations and restrictions spread out from each black tower and connected together, enveloping the entire Inner Ring Imperial City.

At the same time, numerous divine senses and gazes spread out from many areas and forces in the Imperial Capital, locking onto Xu Qing's group.

Some of these divine senses were filled with vigilance, some contained complexity, some were filled with curiosity, some were filled with hostility, and some were probing…

Although Xu Qing had never been to the Imperial Capital, his name had long spread throughout the Grand Imperial Capital Region.

The ruler of a large region with many Soul Accumulation cultivators behind him, as well as the lord of the Black Heaven Race's priests. He had participated in the killing of the god, and King Tian Lan had died because of him…

All of this made it very difficult for the various dignitaries, princes, and princesses in the Imperial Capital's vortex not to take him seriously. Hence, from the moment Xu Qing stepped onto the teleportation array, the information about him and his past had long been studied in detail.

Today, he had arrived.

In front of the Inner Ring Imperial City, Xu Qing and the others gradually stopped in the void.

Standing there, Xu Qing looked at the Imperial City in front of him. He could sense the terrifying power emitted by the array formation. It contained endless pressure and gave off a feeling of probing.

As long as he walked into the array formation, all the secrets in his body and even the things in his storage bag would have no choice but to be revealed in this exact array formation.

Under normal circumstances, unless over there was a special period, it was impossible with regards to there to be such a strict examination. After all, there were many people coming and going to the Imperial City and there were many people with secrets.

Xu Qing frowned and looked toward Anhai.

Princess Anhai's brows furrowed as she took out a jade slip. After transmitting her voice, her expression turned somewhat ugly.

"A few days ago, a spy from another race suddenly appeared and activated the Imperial City's array formation, causing the array formation to automatically switch from its usual state to its probing state…"

"Someone borrowed the principles of the array formation and used this exact method where no one could find any flaws to probe us. Interesting. The people in the Imperial City happened to be indeed in the role of cunning as monkeys. Their methods are sinister."

The captain swayed his very own body and walked to Xu Qing's side.































































When Xu Qing and the others arrived, the Imperial City's array formation was activated into a probing state. Although there was an element of coincidence in this matter, there was a greater possibility that it was as Erniu had said. This was deliberately done by others.

This was indeed the case.

When Xu Qing and the others stopped outside the Imperial City's array formation, in the inner-ring Imperial City, someone was sneering in a hidden place. At the same time, even more forces in the Imperial City were watching.

To them, Xu Qing and the others from Fenghai County were strangers with astonishing backgrounds. However, their understanding came mostly from records and intel.

They had never really come into contact with Xu Qing.

In this complicated Imperial City, one wouldn't easily come into contact with strangers.

Hence, observing was the choice of the vast majority of forces in the Imperial Capital.

They were also willing to see others make a move to investigate, allowing them to make a judgment about their future actions.

After all, this world wasn't a black-and-white world. One's standpoint and interests would determine the direction of one's actions. The identities of friends and enemies would switch with the mask in one's heart.

The process of switching was sometimes instantaneous and sometimes slow. Everything was based on demand.

It was the same for the human race and the other races. This was a manifestation of the complexity of human nature and also a natural element of a society.

Under the gazes of everyone, Erniu, who was outside the array formation, revealed a smile and turned to look at Xu Qing.



"Junior Brother, what do you think?"

Xu Qing's expression was calm. He looked at the array formation in front of him and spoke in a deep voice.

"Since someone wants to see it, let him see it."

As he spoke, Xu Qing walked toward the array formation in front of him.

He was very confident in his purple crystal. Regardless of whether it was the Ancient Aura Emperor or Crimson Goddess, they had never sensed the purple crystal in his body, let alone this array formation.

Other than the purple crystal, Xu Qing had nothing to hide.

As he walked over, the moment his body stepped into the range of the array formation, the array formation stirred, enveloping his figure. The probing… began.

As soon as this probing power acted up, the array formation instantly rippled and a resplendent blue light appeared, enveloping the surroundings.

Blue represented a certain increase in the level of the array formation.

Xu Qing could sense that the changes in the array formation came from his god's body. Clearly, his body had stimulated the array formation quite a bit.

In the Imperial Capital, the various forces watching here fell into deep thought. At the next instant, their hearts stirred slightly.

This was because as Xu Qing moved forward and the probing intensified, the color of the array formation that enveloped the Imperial City changed again, from blue to yellow.

The array formation buzzed and strengthened again!

Xu Qing could sense the source for this change. It was caused by his divine repository. Behind him, his divine repository was also manifesting amidst the distortion of the array formation.

If that was all, it would actually be fine. Although the yellow light from the array formation didn't appear much, it was still acceptable to the influential people and various parties in the Imperial City.

However, in the blink of an eye, their thoughts changed. A sphere hanging on Xu Qing's waist seemed to have been stimulated by the probing of the array formation and actually floated up on its own.

Dazzling light!

As it floated and the light erupted, it immediately caused the array formation in the Imperial City to emit a sharp rumbling sound. It was filled with urgency and echoed in all directions. At the same time, it also instantly raised the spirits of the spectators.

The color of the array formation changed from yellow to orange!

That was an intense warning that represented danger!

At the side, Princess Anhai's expression was also changing. Her mind churned as she looked at Xu Qing who had walked into the array formation.

"He indeed possesses the Sun of Dawn!"

However, things weren't over yet. Xu Qing took another step forward and the flesh of Crimson Goddess shone with a scarlet blood light from his divine repositories and storage bag.

 This blood light shook the heavens and the earth. The god's aura enveloped the world and affected the array formation, causing it to completely erupt at this moment. As it churned intensely, all the black towers trembled and the light of the array formation completely turned red!

Red alert!

At this moment, the various forces in the Imperial City were all solemn. As for the hidden person who had arranged all of this behind the scenes, he was also solemn.

"Crimson Goddess' flesh!"

"Rumor has it that he was only helping. It's nonsense for him to participate. From the looks of it now, that's clearly not the case!"

"Not only did he participate in the killing of Crimson Goddess, but he also obtained Her flesh and blood!"

While all sides were shaken, the flesh and blood of Crimson Goddess and the ancient sun were stimulated at the same time, causing a certain degree of fusion between them.

This wasn't as simple as one plus one…

Hence, in the blink of an eye, the color of the Imperial City's array formation directly changed from red to black!!

The entire Imperial City was trembling. The defense from the core of the human race was also fully activated at this moment. There was even an ancient bell that rang in the Imperial City.

Dong… dong… dong…

The bell chimes rang out, echoing through the world at an increasing speed. At this moment, the expressions of the various forces in the Imperial City changed.

There were also terrifying auras that erupted in the Imperial City and locked onto this place.

The captain was also shocked. Everyone from Fenghai County had solemn expressions and killing intent erupted. Li Yunshan's eyes revealed a cold glint, and Zi Xuan's eyes flashed with a dark light as she looked at the Ancient Sovereign Planet.

At this moment, the clouds and fog on the Ancient Sovereign Planet showed signs of accelerating.

Seeing that a calamity was about to erupt, the captain suddenly spoke loudly.

"The Region Lord of my Holy Wave Large Region came here to answer the Emperor's summon. You guys used an array formation to humiliate him and even forced the Region Lord to show his foundations. What is the meaning of this?!"

"Are you trying to cause a conflict between the Holy Wave and the Grand Imperial Capital Region, and cause our human race to split? This matter… your intentions are unforgivable !"

The expressions of the hidden person behind this matter changed drastically. They indeed wanted to investigate Xu Qing but the results of their investigation made them realize that this matter was too big!

It was so huge that they couldn't withstand it.

They only wanted to take Xu Qing down a notch, and didn't want to start a storm here.

However, the development of the situation instantly reached such a level that it was almost out of control. They couldn't afford to pay this price.

The black warning was a crisis that was close to the limit.

Moreover, everyone could tell that the danger on Xu Qing's body was formed from the stimulation of the array formation and he didn't take the initiative to release it.

Hence, at the next instant, their actions were immediately stopped and reprimanded in various ways. There was also the interference of the Observance Palace, who was in charge of array formations, causing the fluctuations of the Imperial City's array formation to lower its level and reduce the stimulation.

This process was completed very quickly. A few breaths later, the array formation that enveloped Xu Qing returned to its normal state and no longer probed. It became gentler.

As for the captain, Li Yunshan, and Zi Xuan, they quickly approached Xu Qing, who was standing there with his eyes closed. They performed hand seals around him and assisted in the suppression.

Under the close attention of the various forces, Xu Qing opened his eyes a while later.

The fusion of Crimson Goddess' flesh with the ancient sun was finally stopped.

The captain took a deep breath and looked at Xu Qing. He smiled bitterly. He couldn't tell if Xu Qing had really meant to fuse them earlier or if he was deliberately scaring them.

However, no matter what, he could sense this madness. The various forces in the Grand Imperial Capital Region… could also sense it.

Zi Xuan didn't say anything else and helped Xu Qing tidy his clothes. She looked into Xu Qing's eyes with a gentle expression that also contained determination.

Xu Qing smiled and nodded at Zi Xuan. He then glanced at the captain and winked. After that, he walked forward.

The gentle array formation spread out a barrier in front of him, allowing Xu Qing and everyone from Fenghai County to successfully enter the array formation. The moment he stepped on the ground of the Imperial City, Xu Qing looked ahead.

In front of him was a white jade path.

There were more than a thousand such avenues in the inner ring. They were like beams of light emitted by the sun, shining brightly and connecting to the city.

In the distant city area, numerous buildings with red roofs and white bricks could be seen. Whether large or small, they exuded a sense of grandeur despite their age. The overall architectural style gave a feeling of magnificence.

Nestled among them were pentagonal loft buildings with three stories, each possessing unique characteristics.

The details were beautiful and elegant, complementing the solemn and dignified style. Spread across this circular land, they formed the first magnificent city of the human race.

Within the city, there was a building that, although distant, remained prominent. It was an octagonal tower, constructed entirely of white wood, soaring into the sky like the Temple of Heaven. Its height even surpassed some of the statues at the edge of the land.

At the top, within the clouds where mist lingered, one could faintly discern what seemed to be a pavilion, surrounded by flying dragon and beast sculptures, creating an aura of auspiciousness.

"That is the Star-Picking Tower where the State Preceptor resides."

"The State Preceptor is a mysterious person. Usually, other than when Father summons him, he doesn't see anyone. Even I have only seen his back view."

Princess Anhai took a deep breath and managed her emotions. She then came to Xu Qing's side and noticed his gaze.

Xu Qing stared at Star-Picking Tower and nodded.

"In the Imperial City, outside the Imperial Palace, there are still ten palaces, which are the Upper Mystic Five Palaces and the Lower Mystic Five Palaces."

"This is an ancient system. Generally speaking, the Upper Mystic Five Palaces in the enclave only have Sword Holding, Law, and Observance Palaces. In the Imperial Capital, there are also Special Command Palaces that are in charge of diplomacy and special matters. The last one is the Creation Palace that specializes in studying immortal arts and gods."

"The Upper Mystic Five Palaces are the pillars of our human race. They support the dignity of the human race to the outside world."

"As for the Lower Mystic Five Palaces, most of them focus on internal affairs. They are the Spirit Governance Palace, Peacekeeping Palace, Administrative Palace, Reformation Palace, and the Myriad People Palace."

As Princess Anhai introduced, Xu Qing retracted his gaze from Star-Picking Tower and looked into the distance.

At the end of the municipality ahead, one could see a path paved with a rainbow. It was majestic and astonishing, spanning through the air, crossing the inner ring, traversing the void, leading to the Ancient Sovereign Planet.

At the end of this path, close to the Ancient Sovereign Planet, there was a vast palace on the rainbow.

This palace seemed to be floating in the void and gazed majestic. Its entire body shone with a golden glow, revealing intricately carved beams and painted rafters. Inside, there are splendid pavilions and palaces, with various large halls rising and falling, resembling a vast array.

From afar, it looked like the gate of the Ancient Sovereign Planet!

Because the distance was very far and the aura of the Ancient Sovereign Planet was too majestic, the aura of the castle was fused together by the Ancient Sovereign Planet and it was difficult to highlight it. However, it also borrowed the momentum and gazed astonishing.

The instant Princess Anhai introduced it and Xu Qing gazed at the palace, a gaze landed on Xu Qing.

After that, the gaze shifted to Zi Xuan.

After a long time, the gaze was retracted.

At the same time, in the tall Star-Picking Tower in the capital, the State Preceptor, who wore a purple robe and had shoulder-

length purple hair, was standing there, allowing the wind to blow his clothes.

His expression was gentle as he gazed down at the ground. The corners of his mouth curled up into a faint smile.

"Brother, you're finally here."

At the same time, within the capital city, there was an extravagantly luxurious area, resplendent in gold and jade, where the sound of birds and laughter could be heard. In a profound corner of this place, inside a shrine, there was an altar dedicated to a god.

There was a clay fox inside…

At that moment, the clay fox swayed slightly and sniffed gently.

"Stinky brother's yang essence…"































































In the inner ring of the Ancient Sovereign Planet, outside the human capital, at the end of the white jade avenue, Li Yunshan and the 30,000 Sword Holders didn't enter the city.

Even though their numbers were insignificant compared to the Imperial City, they would inevitably be called audacious if they entered.

Li Yunshan understood this very well. Hence, after escorting Xu Qing to the end of the white jade avenue, he brought the Sword Holders and set up camp at the side. He only arranged for Kong Xianglong to bring 100 Sword Holders and follow behind Xu Qing to enter the capital city with Princess Anhai.

Due to the fluctuations of the array formation earlier, the originally bustling crowd in the city was much more empty now.

Even though the danger of the array formation had been resolved, the number of pedestrians still decreased sharply compared to before.

However, even so, it was still livelier than the capital city in Fenghai County. Moreover, the level of liveliness became increasingly intense as time passed.

At that moment, Princess Anhai spoke as she led Xu Qing and the others through the city.

"Xu Qing, in the Imperial Capital, other than the Upper Mystic Five Palaces and the Lower Mystic Five Palaces, there are other forces that require careful consideration."

"For example, the 33 Heavenly Kings who have now become 32."

Princess Anhai paused for a moment.

"Other than that, there are also high-ranking officials in the court, such as the Chancellor, Government Minister, Grand Marshal, the 108 Heavenly Marquises, and the prince's mansions."

"All the princes have the qualifications to establish their own mansion, but they are only restricted to the capital city."



"After that are the ten super sects of our human race. These sects have extremely deep foundations. Some of them can even be traced back to the ancient sovereign's era."

When the captain heard this, he blinked and looked at Princess Anhai.

"I heard that there's a very famous sect called… Summer Immortal Palace?"

This name caused Xu Qing's heart to skip a beat. He also looked at Princess Anhai.

There was also Ning Yan. Although he had some understanding of these things, he clearly didn't know as much as Anhai. Hence, he also pricked up his ears to listen. Wu Jianwu was even more energized. As long as it was related to Mystic Nether, he would be obsessed with it.

Kong Xianglong wasn't interested in these. He adhered to his duty and guarded Xu Qing, paying attention to the surroundings.

Princess Anhai nodded and continued to introduce.

"These ten super sects are… the Star Emperor Supreme Sect founded by the Starry Sky Great Emperor, the Divine Harvest Vast Cosmos Sect originated from the Heavenly King Yuling, the Ghost Fiend Dark Sect that controls the Dao of the Netherworld, and the Supreme Moon Purple Sect of the State Preceptor's lineage."

"As well as the later-established Profound Fire Nine Departures Sect, the Mortal World Forgetful Tower that has businesses in many large regions, the human race's branch of Litu Sect that similarly has terrifying influence, the True Words that worships the fragmented-face and has been searching for the divine son, and lastly, the Hidden Earth Path situated in the abyss under the Grand Imperial Capital Region and has a special mission."

Princess Anhai's words contained a lot of information. It was as though every sect had something special about them. For example, Xu Qing had long known that the Litu Sect was a super sect with forces spread throughout the entire Wanggu Continent.

Its doctrine was to leave Wanggu and pursue the holy land. Every race had its branch and its main sect was mysterious. Xu Qing knew that its leader was called the Great Fate Arbiter.

There was also the Hidden Earth Path. Princess Anhai didn't know about its mission because she didn't understand Brilliant Heaven. However, when Xu Qing heard this, he immediately had a guess.

The mission of the sect that lived in the abyss was no different from… guarding the gate.

As for the True Words, Xu Qing knew of it back in the Nanhuang Continent. It was very mysterious and Xu Qing hadn't come into contact with them.

Only now did he know that the other party was actually one of the super forces in the Imperial City.

"The True Words worship the fragmented-face?" Xu Qing looked at Anhai with doubt.

Princess Anhai sighed softly.

"Some revere it, some detest it, and naturally, there is worship. This True Words is such an organization. Similar to the Litu Sect, it exists among various races."

"As for their doctrine, it's to find the divine son… They think that those who can survive under the gaze of the fragmented-face are favored by the god and have the potential to become the divine son. Hence, they search the entire Wanggu Continent for such a person."

"I even heard that they think that there must be a lifeform that endured the gaze of the fragmented-face many times and didn't die. Such a person isn't blessed by the god but the divine son they are searching for."

"After they are found, as long as they are eaten and sacrificed, they will be able to obtain divine power."

Princess Anhai's words caused Xu Qing to fall silent.

"The last one is the Summer Immortal Palace you mentioned earlier."

 "This palace is extremely special. Legend has it that this Summer Immortal Palace was the first sect to appear among the living beings of the Wanggu Continent. Moreover, the Summer Immortal Palace did not originally consist only of the human race."

"Later, the Summer Immortal Palace split up, and it exists within many large races."

"It's even rumored that before the Ancient Sovereign Mystic Nether Era, the Summer Immortal Palace had a connection to the Heavenly Dao, to some extent surpassing imperial authority. The reason why the former Ancient Spirit Emperor wanted to replace the Heavenly Dao was also related to the hostility with this palace."

"That was until the Ancient Sovereign Mystic Nether unified Wanggu after the Ancient Spirit Emperor and abolished the system of the Summer Immortal Palace. The imperial power was greater than everything and there was an agreement with the Summer Immortal Palaces of various races."

"After that, the Summer Immortal Palace closed its doors all year round, avoiding extensive contact with the outside world. Every thousand years, one disciple would emerge, refraining from getting involved in conflicts and only choosing to record the thousand-year history of their respective races."

"Even now, the Summer Immortal Palace is the same. They abide by their agreement with the Ancient Sovereign Mystic Nether."

As she spoke, everyone passed by the octagonal tower that was built from white wood and towered into the clouds like a heavenly temple.

The surroundings of the tall tower were surrounded by white walls. The void fluctuations in the surroundings prevented anyone from approaching.

"The State Preceptor, from the Supreme Moon Purple Sect, spends most of the year in Star-Picking Tower. Even many of the kings and ministers have never seen him before. Only Father and the fourth prince have seen his face."

"The fourth prince is the State Preceptor's disciple."

"It's said that the State Preceptor has heaven-defying abilities and astonishing wisdom."

Princess Anhai lifted her head and looked at the clouds. There was fog lingering there and one could vaguely see a pavilion. Dragons were dancing around it and it was filled with auspicious signs.

Xu Qing's gaze swept over and he nodded slightly. Princess Anhai had accompanied him all the way here and also introduced all the forces in the Imperial City to him, showing her sincerity.

At that moment, she turned toward Xu Qing's side.

"Young Master, I have to return to the palace. The situation in the Imperial Capital is changing and the hearts of the people are complicated. I hope the Young Master can open your eyes and carefully discern the situation."

After Anhai finished speaking, she bowed. Xu Qing returned the greeting. He had sensed Princess Anhai's intention to befriend him on the way. Since she had expressed goodwill to him, he naturally had to respond.

"I also hope that everything turns out fine for the princess. In the future, if there's anything you need from me in the Imperial Capital, please notify me."

Anhai smiled and turned to leave.

Looking at Princess Anhai's back view, Ning Yan blinked. Just as he was about to say something, he glanced at Zi Xuan and chose to keep quiet.

However, his actions were seen by Zi Xuan. Hence, Zi Xuan calmly spoke.

"Ning Yan, let's go to your residence."

Ning Yan hurriedly nodded and led the way, walking toward his residence in the Imperial City.

As princes, they would stay outside when they reached adulthood. Every one of them had their own residence in the capital city. Ning Yan's residence was located in the northern part of the capital city. This place was slightly remote compared to other places.

However, from another perspective, this place was very quiet.

Especially the mansion, it covered quite a large area with three layers inside and out. Outside, there was a lake like a mirror, forming a complete ensemble with the mansion. Both the scenery and the atmosphere exuded a distinctive style.

And the style leaned towards elegance and delicacy. Some bells hung in the corner towers of the mansion. When the wind blew, creating ripples on the lake, it not only sent a chill but also echoed a crisp sound in all directions.

Looking at this place, Zi Xuan's eyes revealed satisfaction and admiration.

Xu Qing could also tell that this building was different from the other buildings he had seen on the way. The captain at the side also praised.

"The wind blows, the water moves, and the sound rises with the heart, penetrating the spirit. It has a unique charm. Generally speaking, there must be treasures nurtured in a place like this."

As he spoke, he instinctively looked at the lake and licked his lips.

"My mother built this for us when she was alive."

Ning Yan looked at this residence and revealed a melancholic expression as he spoke softly.

After that, he led the way and didn't fly. Instead, he directly walked to the lake.

The moment his footsteps landed on the surface of the water, a rainbow koi with long whiskers jumped up from the water. When the sunlight landed on the koi's body, it emitted colorful light, and splashed up some water droplets. It was very beautiful.

On the surface of the water in front of them, such koi fish came one after another. They seemed to have intelligence and recognized their master. They continued to leap up from the surface of the water, guiding Xu Qing and the others all the way to the lakeshore.

Unfortunately, the moment they stepped onto the shore and emerged at the entrance of the residence, the feeling of artistic conception dissipated a little due to the dilapidation of the mansion.

This mansion gazed fine from afar. Up close, because no one lived here all year round, as time passed, the aura of decay assaulted their senses.

The red door appeared weathered with patches, and rust covered the bells. Pushing open the gate revealed a courtyard overgrown with weeds, creating a desolate atmosphere.

Looking at this, Ning Yan felt bitter. He forced a smile and gazed at Xu Qing and the captain.

"Welcome to my home."

Xu Qing patted Ning Yan's shoulder while the captain waved his hand.

"Little Ning, your house isn't bad. Come, come, come, let's clean it together. I believe this place is a treasure land with good feng shui. According to my deductions, this place is clearly a hidden dragon layout. This means that your future isn't simple."

Ning Yan was touched. He nodded heavily and cleaned this residence with everyone.

Not long later, the entire residence was cleaned up by Xu Qing and the others. Kong Xianglong carried the Sword Holders along and inspected the surroundings very carefully.

However, on Ning Yan's side, after checking all the buildings, his expression was a little depressed as he stood there in a daze.

Seeing this, Xu Qing went over and asked.

Ning Yan hesitated, but in the end, he still whispered the reason.

"There are a few things missing. They are the belongings my mother departed behind. I left in a hurry back then and couldn't bring those items with me, so I left them at home."

"They are gone now. I dispatched a voice transmission to Third Sister to ask. She helped me investigate. The Tenth Prince took them away privately."

"The tenth prince's maternal clan has the current First Heavenly King of the human race, King Zhen Yan. As for Old Tenth, he has a domineering personality and isn't liked by King Zhen Yan. However, very few people dare to provoke him."

"Since he took them away, it'll be very difficult to get them back."

Ning Yan spoke bitterly.

When Xu Qing listened this, he fell silent for a while before turning to look at Kong Xianglong.

Kong Xianglong's eyes gleamed as he gazed at Xu Qing. He knew what Xu Qing was thinking.

"Brother Kong, get someone to send a jade slip to the Tenth Prince's Mansion and tell him to return the things they borrowed in a day."































































Every move of Xu Qing and the others was being watched at all times in this capital with a complex power structure.

Everyone was observing.

From the moment they stepped into the Grand Imperial Capital Region, such observations had been carried out. This was even more so in the Imperial City.

Hence, after Kong Xianglong arranged for a Sword Holder to go out, many gazes immediately locked onto this matter. It was only when they noticed that the Sword Holder had gone to the Tenth Prince's residence that most of the people in the Imperial City knew the reason through various clues and channels.

Some valuable items had been lost from the Twelfth Prince's mansion, taken without notice by the Tenth Prince.

The Tenth Prince's domineering personality was also one of the reasons why the First Heavenly King didn't like him. With this personality, there was a high chance that he would choose to ignore the message token sent by the Sword Holder of Fenghai County.

"Interesting. Let's see how Xu Qing deals with it."

"He just arrived in the Imperial City. Will he choose to keep a low profile or will he choose to be high-profile? We can see his style of doing things from this."

"However, although the Tenth Prince isn't liked by the First Heavenly King, he's not an outsider after all. This matter is going to be interesting."

Most of the various forces and departments in the Imperial Capital chose to wait and see. Towards unknown and unfamiliar existences, their actions were instinctive and relatively the correct thing to do.

Xu Qing had already sensed this the moment he entered the capital. As everyone settled down, it was still early and Xu Qing chose to head out.

As he walked on the streets of the capital, Xu Qing could sense the attention from all directions. Regardless of whether it was the spy in the crowd or the envelopment of the divine sense, everything he did in the capital was transparent.

Regarding this, Xu Qing could understand the reason and also understood that it was inevitable. At that moment, his expression was as usual and there were no changes.



As for the message token that he got someone to send to the Tenth Prince, Xu Qing didn't care much about the outcome. This was because the moment he sent it, he had already thought of the outcome.

If the items were returned, it would naturally be best. If they weren't…

Xu Qing's eyes turned cold. He chose to be high-profile.

This was the experience he had gained after experiencing the misery of the human world when he was young. It was just like how he had killed someone with ulterior motives in the slums when he was young and hung his head at the door.

He was a wolf.

The wolf was patient and ruthless. It would display its prowess according to different occasions and timings. According to Xu Qing's experience, many times when he was new at some place, it was easier to end disputes by being high-profile than by keeping a low profile.

This was also the reason why he didn't stop Big Circle in the array formation earlier.

Hence, Xu Qing chose to ignore those spies who were observing him and were now following him. He calmly walked on the streets and looked at the unfamiliar capital city. He then looked at the number one city of the human race and engraved it in his mind.

Zi Xuan and the captain also went out of Ning Yan's residence. However, they weren't with Xu Qing.

Before Zi Xuan left, she glanced at Xu Qing. Xu Qing understood that Zi Xuan wanted to sense the lantern in the Imperial City and Zi Xuan's personality was completely different from Ling'er's.

If Ling'er was here, she would definitely follow him at all times. However, Zi Xuan was different. She had her own matters and thoughts.

As for the captain, his shifty eyes before he left had already revealed everything. Xu Qing didn't need to guess to know that the other party must have gone to investigate what treasures there were in the Imperial City.

Or he was going to go see the places where he put things in his previous lives.

Xu Qing shook his head. Under the afternoon sun, he walked past many buildings and streets, arranging everything in the surroundings in his mind and searching for a way to leave in the future.

This was an instinctive action of him in any unfamiliar place.

Wariness and vigilance existed on his body. It didn't decrease because of the increase in his status.

However, it wasn't displayed openly but was achieved by truly embodying the teachings he received during his stay in the Seven Blood Eyes.

Appear relaxed outside, but focused inside, with thoughts hidden.

From the outside, everything was calm.

At the same time, he was also thinking about the situation in the Imperial City that Princess Anhai had told him about. It wasn't just those influential people but also the descendants of the Human Emperor.

Coupled with Ning Yan's introduction on the way, Xu Qing had his own measurement in mind.

"Three princesses and twelve princes."

 "The eldest princess and the second princess are married to foreign races… They aren't in the Imperial Capital."

Xu Qing fell silent.

To a certain extent, the 15 princes and princesses of the Human Emperor were one of the origins of the capital's forces. Many of them were inextricably linked to these imperial descendants.

"In the Imperial City, the only princess left is Anhai. She has the qualifications to open a mansion but she didn't make such a choice. Instead, she followed the Human Emperor. The power behind her isn't small. The ancestor of her maternal clan is the second Heavenly King of the human race, King Dong Ding."

"He is the commander in the ongoing war with the Black Heaven Race."

"After the princesses are the princes…"

Xu Qing looked in the direction of the Black Heaven Race and fell into deep thought.

"The Eldest Prince is good at fighting and is brave, but he is a crude person. Moreover, his mother's race is the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race, so his status in the Imperial City is very awkward. He has tasted jealousy, suspicion, and even the Human Emperor doesn't seem to like him. Therefore, despite being a capable warrior, he hasn't been assigned to the battlefield and has always been kept in the Imperial City."

"The Second Prince is low-key, humble, and gentle. His maternal grandfather is the current Grand Chancellor, who, many years ago, wholeheartedly assisted Human Emperor Mystic War in ascending the throne. Despite not having produced any Heavenly Kings in the clan, the prestige of the Grand Chancellor's family is widespread in the Imperial Capital."

"The Third Prince is exceptionally talented, well-versed in all kinds of knowledge. In his mansion, there are many guest officials from all directions, including individuals from various races, each with their own talents. Additionally, the Third Prince serves as the deputy head of the Imperial Academy."

"The Fourth Prince is refined and gentle, amiable, and always ready to help. His siblings all speak highly of him. His maternal clan is ordinary, but he has gained the approval of the Supreme Moon Purple Sect, and he is even apprenticed to the State Preceptor."

Xu Qing pondered inwardly. His gaze then landed on the distant Star-Picking Tower.

Xu Qing lacked understanding of the mysterious State Preceptor, so it wasn't easy for him to judge.

"The Fifth Prince… shares the same mother with the Seventh Prince. He is second only to the First Prince in terms of martial prowess among all the princes. Brave and skilled in battle, he has garnered the attention of the Imperial Father. He is apprenticed to the First Heavenly King. Alongside the First Heavenly King, he has spent a considerable amount of time stationed at the borders of the Flame Moon, rarely returning to the court."

"Because of the Seventh Prince's matter, this person should be a potential enemy."

Xu Qing narrowed his eyes and continued to analyze.

"As for the Sixth Prince, whether it's Ning Yan or Anhai, they both say he is naturally charming, but he doesn't oppress the kind-hearted. His mansion is filled with women, each one infatuated with him. Anhai even mentioned rumors that even the female Heavenly King, King Yuelan, seems to have an ambiguous relationship with him."

"There's also the Seventh Prince… Because of the death of King Tian Lan, he rarely went out after returning to the capital."

Xu Qing sneered.

"The Eighth Prince is known as the wealthiest among the princes. His maternal clan is the richest merchant family in the human race, providing support to various factions and possessing wealth that can rival a nation."

"The Ninth Prince, gifted with intelligence, is indifferent to external affairs. He is completely immersed in creation. The Human Emperor sent him to the Creation Palace, where his main responsibility is… the Sun of Dawn!"

As for the Tenth Prince, Xu Qing's thoughts spun. However, his focus was on the eleventh and twelfth.

The Eleventh Prince and Ning Yan were biological brothers. However, the Eleventh Prince passed away, leaving only Ning Yan alive in the entire mansion.

The source of all this was his mother.

That was a taboo in the Imperial City.

On the way, when Princess Anhai said this, she had informed him with voice transmission, not letting Ning Yan hear her.

"Ning Yan's mother is a mortal!"

"She had no aptitude for cultivation, but her talent and beauty were extraordinary. She was the beloved of the Imperial Father. After her death, her portrait remained in the palace. Whenever the Imperial Father gazed upon it, a sorrowful expression would cross his face. Since then, he had no more descendants and didn't attend to any consorts or companions."

"Her death also became an unsolved case. Even I don't know the details."

These were Princess Anhai's words.

Xu Qing's eyes flashed. On his way here, he had long sensed that the source of the story about Ning Yan was his mother.

As for the matter about his mother, it probably involved many aspects and there must be secrets hidden.

At the thought of this, Xu Qing rubbed his forehead and looked at the sky. At that moment, the sun was gradually turning red and starting to set. Unknowingly, he had been walking in the city for four hours and had even gone through several teleportation arrays.

As the information about the princes flashed through his mind, he had a preliminary outline of everyone in his mind. However, he was well aware that there were some things that couldn't be seen on the surface.

After all, everyone had a mask. It came from attitude and was a manifestation of one's heart.

Xu Qing instinctively touched his face.

"I have one too, right?"

Xu Qing mumbled and stared at the sky.

The setting sun today was exceptionally red, illuminating the clouds with multicolored light.

It was beautiful but at the same time, it also revealed a hint of blood. This reminded Xu Qing of the day when he saw the tragedy in the Seven Blood Eyes.

Xu Qing fell silent. His gaze landed on the huge statue in front of him.

Unknowingly, he had already walked to the east of the city, in front of the rainbow path, and under the statue of the Sword Holding Emperor.

Standing here, Xu Qing looked at the statue. He recalled his Heart Inquisition in the past and thought about what the other party had shown him at that time… the fragmented-face's true body that surrounded the entire Wanggu Continent.

He also thought of the words the Sword Holding Emperor had told him in the end.

I hope that you won't change your mind no matter what.

When Xu Qing stared at the sculpture of the Sword Holding Emperor, many obscure gazes in the crowd behind him locked onto it, transmitting everything Xu Qing saw and actions on the way to their respective affiliations.

At the same time, wisps of divine sense spread out. Many departments also used various methods to project Xu Qing's figure on the magic artifact and pay close attention.

After all, that is a walking Sun of Dawn.

"The target passed by Area Three and stopped in front of 19 buildings."

"The target appears to be recording the route and the layout of the capital."

"Target has used teleportation."

"The target is standing in front of the Sword Holding Emperor's statue and staring."

"The target… is paying respects to the Sword Holding Emperor."

"The Sword Holding Emperor's statue… is shaking!!!"

"How is this possible? The Great Emperor… appears to be about to revive!!"

As this information spread, the instant the various forces found out, intense fluctuations spread out from the Imperial City.

Countless gazes filled with surprise focused on this place.

From afar, the Great Emperor's sculpture stood tall in the east and towered into the clouds, protecting the human race all its life. On the ground, Xu Qing, who is dressed in blue, bowed with respect.

One big and one small seemed to be separated by time.

An ancient voice seemed to come from the void. It carried an ancient feeling and the intent of time, echoing in the world. It is vast and astonishing, like the might of heaven.

"You're here."































































As this voice resounded, the entire Imperial Capital trembled, countless buildings shook, even the formations shimmered brightly. In the sky, rainbows appeared like auspicious signs.

The expressions of the various forces and countless experts in the city turned solemn and waves of emotions surged in their minds.

In just a single day, Xu Qing's arrival had affected the minds of too many people.

In the eyes of others, Xu Qing's influence was astonishing, causing the death of a Heavenly King. He controlled a large region and even formed an alliance with the Moon Offering Region. He also had the rare experience of slaughtering a god.

Ordinary people would already be extraordinary if they could accomplish one of these things, let alone Xu Qing who had accomplished all of them.

Moreover, his domineering entry into the array formation revealed his style of doing things. The Sun of Dawn had intimidated the observers. Soon after that, he paid his respects to the statue of the Great Emperor, and for the fourth time in countless years, the sound of awakening resounded.

All kinds of things caused Xu Qing to be unable to avoid attracting attention.

As for the Diamond Sect's ancestor, he was also sighing with emotion inwardly. Although he didn't dare to transmit his voice to Xu Qing at this moment, the fluctuations in his heart weren't small.

He felt that, based on the ancient texts he had read, protagonists usually didn't act in such a manner. Typically, they operated in a low-key fashion. It was usually the main antagonist, a super formidable villain from the ancient texts, who would create such a scene that shook the entire world after a triumphant return.

He had studied such a plot before. Most of it was to highlight how terrifying the enemy was and set a target for the protagonist. After that, the author would make the protagonist defeat the villain step by step, allowing the reader to obtain the joy of a small fry defeating a big shot.

'This… Master's situation is reversed…'

The Diamond Sect's ancestor's heart trembled. He felt that the difference between what Xu Qing was showing and the ancient books he had read was huge.



If he was already like this, there was no need to mention the others in the Imperial City who didn't understand Xu Qing.

These Imperial Capital people who were rarely shaken since the Mystic War Calendar were shaken by Xu Qing's actions.

Moreover, the awakening of the Sword Holding Emperor was a huge event that could be recorded in the history of the human race.

According to the records in the ancient books, the statue of the Sword Holding Emperor had always been in a deep sleep. Only during the assessment of the various Sword Holders would there be a fragmented divine sense that would inquisition the heart.

Before this, it had awakened three times.

The first time was during the era of the Human Sovereign Eastern Triumph. After the human race suffered a huge defeat, the Sword Holding Palace Master, Chen Shuyan, begged the Great Emperor to awaken before he died.

At that moment, the Sword Holding Emperor's statue awakened for the first time. It was also that revival that prevented the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race from annihilating the human race due to some karma.

The second time was during the era of the Human Emperor Mirror Cloud. At that time, the Sword Holding Palace Master, Wang Ken, had entered the palace with his sword when Crown Prince Purple Green was surrounded by the myriad races… He didn't return.

The Sword Holding Emperor woke up that day and stared at the south before sighing.

The third time wasn't too long ago. That was the moment the Human Emperor Mystic War ascended the throne. The Great Emperor had awakened and gazed at him with profound meaning, severity, and expectation.

According to the records in the ancient books, the Great Emperor had sent a voice transmission to the Human Emperor back then. Other than the Human Emperor, no one knew the exact words. Outsiders could only see that after the Human Emperor fell silent for a few breaths, he bowed to the Great Emperor with a determined gaze.

Now, it was the fourth time.

In an instant, countless gazes and divine senses locked onto this place from all directions. This matter was like a storm that rapidly spread throughout the large region.

Discussions and voice transmissions from all directions continued to spread.

Xu Qing's information wasn't a secret to the various parties in the capital, and his result in the Heart Inquisition was also known.

Hence, very soon, everyone guessed the cause and effect.

"There's a key point in Xu Qing's details. He's the first person to get a 100,000 feet long light in the Heart Inquisition since the Mystic War Calendar began! This matter might be the reason why the Great Emperor awakened!"

In the palace, in the Phoenix Sun Pavilion, Princess Anhai stood by the window, gazing at the statue of the Sword Holding Emperor. All kinds of information about Xu Qing appeared in her mind. After a long time, she retracted her gaze and muttered.

"The Great Emperor awakened for him… this matter seems like he is showing consideration, but why do I have a feeling as if he's been entrusted with something?"

At the same time, in the Seventh Prince's residence, the Seventh Prince sat silently in the pavilion with his eyes closed. There were dozens of cultivators behind him, standing silently.

The entire pavilion was silent. However, upon closer inspection, one could see that the hand in the Seventh Prince's sleeve was clenched tightly.

There was also the Tenth Prince's residence. Outsiders thought that the Tenth Prince, who had always been arrogant and despotic, had a bad temper. He threw a tantrum in front of the servant, but in a place with no one around, under his brutality, there was a hint of coldness that disappeared in an instant.

Most of the other princes also had different thoughts at this moment. As for whether their expressions were the same as their hearts, outsiders couldn't know.

 There were also some dignitaries and Heavenly Kings, such as the Grand Chancellor and the others. Their expressions were much calmer and one couldn't see many emotions. However, after most of them stared at the Sword Holding Emperor's statue, their gazes landed on the palace with deep meaning.

When Mystic War ascended the throne, the Great Emperor had woken up.

After so many years, Xu Qing arrived and the Great Emperor woke up once again…

In the palace, in the Heavenwatch Pavilion, the Human Emperor was expressionless. He didn't look outside but stared at the chessboard in front of him. He held a white chess piece in his hand and gently placed it down.

"Your Majesty, I've already answered your question, but you haven't told me what the Sword Holding Emperor said to you when you ascended the throne back then."

On the other side of the chessboard, the State Preceptor smiled and placed the black chess piece down.

The Human Emperor lifted his head and looked at the State Preceptor as he spoke calmly.

"The Great Emperor told me that he regrets what happened to Crown Prince Purple Green back then. If I can encounter him in my life, I have to return the skull that was taken away by the Mirror Cloud."

"Didn't you receive it?"

The Human Emperor spoke casually but his words contained deep meaning.

The State Preceptor fell silent. After a while, a smile appeared on his face again.

"Having met someone like Your Majesty in this life, my life will certainly not be lonely."

The Human Emperor ignored him and picked up a white piece. Just as he was about to put it down, a vast voice echoed in the capital.

"Little friend, come to the Sword Holding Palace. I'll wait for you there."

The moment this voice rang out, the Human Emperor's hand that was holding the chess piece paused and he slowly lifted his head.

The State Preceptor opposite him also had a strange glint in his eyes as he turned his head.

The fluctuations in the hearts of all the living beings and experts in the capital became intense again.

That was the voice of the Sword Holding Emperor. The meaning of the Great Emperor's rouse was different from summoning him.

This was especially so for the Sword Holding Palace. From the Palace Master to the ordinary Sword Holders, their expressions changed.

Under the Sword Holding Emperor's statue, Xu Qing lifted his head and looked at the Great Emperor's statue. His heart was filled with endless waves. After a long time, he took a deep breath and bowed again. He then stood up and walked in the direction of the Sword Holding Palace.

Xu Qing had seen the Sword Holding Palace on the way previously and knew its location. All the Sword Holders on patrol on the way also held their swords respectfully and led the way for Xu Qing after seeing him.

Xu Qing was also a Sword Holder.

Just like that, he continued forward. Two hours later, a special building was reflected in Xu Qing's eyes.

It was a cluster of palaces. Overall, they looked like two large swords.

One was laid on the ground, and the other stood upright with its tip embedded in the earth.

The range was very large, enough to accommodate millions of people. This was the headquarters of the Sword Holding Palace of the human race's Upper Mystic Five Palaces.

When Xu Qing arrived, outside the Sword Holding Palace's headquarters, most of the Sword Holders who were stationed here were waiting outside. This generation's Sword Holding Palace's Palace Master, who was also one of the Heavenly Kings, Zhou Hengzhi, was also standing there.

Everyone in the Sword Holding Palace, who had always strictly followed the rules, didn't dare to slack off at all.

Among the crowd, there was another figure who had seen Xu Qing before. He was Huang Kun who had attended the Seventh Prince's banquet back then. Back then, the Seventh Prince had stated that the ancestor of the Huang Kun family was a great deacon of the Sword Holding Palace.

At that moment, Huang Kun's heart churned. As one of the very few people in the Imperial City who had seen Xu Qing before, he felt that what happened in the Holy Wave Large Region after that was unbelievable.

This was especially so when he saw the Great Emperor waking up and the solemnity of the entire palace. It made him sense an intense difference.

Back then, when everyone sat together, he had a certain attitude in his heart. After all, at that time, in his opinion, Xu Qing was just a Sword Holder from a remote place. Although his identity in Fenghai County was special, it had nothing to do with him.

As for whether he could really grow up in the future, that was unknown.

But now… He looked at his colleagues in the surroundings and sighed inwardly.

Right now, he could only stand with countless people as he stared at the figure walking over from afar.

Xu Qing didn't notice Huang Kun. At that moment, his emotions were surging. Although he tried his best to calm himself down, out of respect for the Great Emperor, he felt like he was on a pilgrimage.

Hence, when he saw the Sword Holding Palace and the many Sword Holders outside, Xu Qing stopped in his tracks. He removed his green robe and took out the Sword Holder's Daoist robe from his storage bag, putting it on.

Xu Qing wore the white Daoist robe that was identical to everyone's and stood there, becoming one with everyone in the surroundings.

The gazes from the Sword Holders became a little different. Even the Palace Master and the higher-ups of the Sword Holding Palace nodded slightly.

Xu Qing took a deep breath and walked forward. Under the glance of all the Sword Holders, he arrived in front of the palace and bowed to the Sword Holding Palace Master with a serious expression.

"At the summons of the Great Emperor, Sword Holder Xu Qing has come here for an audience."

The Sword Holding Palace Master, Zhou Hengzhi, was a middle-

aged man. His expression was serious as he looked at Xu Qing. After a long time, he nodded.

"Go in."

With that, he raised his right hand and waved it. Immediately, the gate of the palace behind him transformed into a vortex. Sword qi lingered inside, stirring up the emperor swords of all the Sword Holders to resonate.

Xu Qing's expression was serious as he walked toward the vortex. The moment he stepped into the vortex, he didn't appear at the entrance of the palace but arrived at a top-secret restricted area of the Sword Holding Palace.

It was a cave with a simple layout. There was only an altar and on the altar sat a withered person.

This person appeared old and withered, resembling a dried corpse, exuding a strong sense of decay. Only in the location of the heart, there was occasional movement, a faint sign of vitality.

There were countless wounds on his body that were densely-

packed and shocking.

They were injuries left behind after countless years of protecting the human race.

Every single one of them carried a divine aura. They were all injuries caused by gods.

He was the avatar of the Sword Holding Emperor and the last Great Emperor in the history of the human race. He was also… the only Great Emperor who hadn't left and was still protecting the human race!

Looking at the Great Emperor and those injuries, the respect in Xu Qing's heart grew even more intense. He knelt on the ground and bowed.

The Great Emperor's closed eyes slowly opened.































































The instant the Great Emperor opened his eyes, the dim cave became resplendent and colorful light enveloped everything.

There was a cosmic shift, a transformation of all things. The cavern was veiled in this radiance, replaced by a vast expanse of stars.

It was as though at this moment, Xu Qing was drawn outside the Wanggu Continent and appeared in the boundless starry sky. Starlight flickered in the surroundings and the galaxy in the distance seemed to be flowing.

At the same time, countless stars appeared and rose from the galaxy, gathering together and finally forming a tall figure.

The figure in starlight, the resplendent emperor's robe, the bright emperor's crown, and that dignified face.

It was the Great Emperor.

The Great Emperor outlined by the stars sat cross-legged in the starry sky. His majesty radiating throughout the universe and his influence extending towards the ancient past.

Xu Qing was like a speck of dust in front of him.

Xu Qing lowered his head and bowed respectfully.

"Tell me, what was the original intention of establishing the Sword Holding Palace!"

A deep voice echoed in the starry sky, causing the void to wrinkle and countless stars to sway.

Xu Qing lifted his head and looked at the Great Emperor's figure. His voice was filled with respect as he spoke.

"The Sword Holding lineage was created to bring the supreme glory to the human race, to establish eternal prosperity and peace. This was the original intention."

"What's the mission of a Sword Holder?"

The Great Emperor asked again.



"Sword Holders are the bearers of the command, protecting all living beings. Swearing to slash through calamities for the common people, they bring light to the world!"

As Xu Qing's words echoed, the stars that formed the Great Emperor's figure shone with an even brighter light. That seemed to be a form of recognition, recognition that Xu Qing's words were indeed in line with the thoughts in his heart.

"What if we are obstructed by the nonhuman races?"

The Great Emperor's voice echoed. These words contained a hint of sharpness.

Xu Qing's expression became even more solemn as he calmly answered.

"Slash!"

"What if humans are the ones who obstruct us?"

Xu Qing didn't hesitate to answer.

"Slash! Sovereigns are represented by 10,000 and are superior to emperors. It means that the Sword Holding Ministry can kill anyone below the sovereign!"

"What kind of sovereign is this?!"

The Great Emperor's figure shone and his voice was filled with killing intent, causing an endless chill to rise in the starry sky.

Xu Qing paused and lowered his head. He needed to think about this question.

A while later, Xu Qing lifted his head. There was a strange glint in his eyes as he slowly spoke.

"The ancient sovereign?"

The Great Emperor didn't speak. Xu Qing fell silent. After a while, the Great Emperor's voice carried the vicissitudes of life as it echoed in the starry sky.

"To the Sword Holders, this sovereign is the ancient sovereign and the Human Emperor. However, to the Sword Palace, the sovereign doesn't refer to one person."

"The function of the sovereign is to allow the race to continue. Hence, the meaning of the sovereign… is the continuation of the race."

"As the saying goes, anyone below the sovereign can be killed. To the Sword Palace, it means that anyone who affects the continuation of the race can be killed!"

"Even if the other party is the sovereign!"

Xu Qing's body shook. This statement made his breathing slightly hasten. It was different from his understanding of the Sword Holders.

 At the same time, he also learned of the difference between a Sword Holder and the Sword Palace.

The earliest Sword Holders actually came from the Sword Palace that the Great Emperor belonged to.

"However, there has to be a limit to any right. Therefore, after the Sword Palace lineage became Sword Holders, I issued a decree. After my death, there has to be a successor of the Sword Palace in any era. His responsibility is to… supervise. Only the successor of the Sword Palace possesses the right I just mentioned to you."

"As for the Summer Immortal Palace, other than recording history, they also have the responsibility of supervising the successors of the Sword Palace. Only then will a cycle be formed."

"However, this decree has never been truly implemented."

"Because my avatar still has a trace of life. Because… the changes in the later generations caused me to not dare to let go…"

When Xu Qing heard this, his heart stirred. He understood that the successor of the Sword Palace was the last insurance for the continuation of the human race.

In the starry sky, the Great Emperor stared at Xu Qing but didn't continue to speak. Instead, he closed his eyes. It was as though he woke up this time to tell Xu Qing about this insurance.

As he closed his eyes, the starry sky blurred and the stars dimmed. Everything gradually returned to the appearance of the cave. The figure of the Great Emperor slowly dissipated, turning back into that withered skeleton with a trace of life.

Xu Qing lowered his head and bowed respectfully before slowly retreating.

However, just as he was about to leave this world that was in the state between the cave and the starry sky, the Great Emperor, who had his eyes closed, suddenly spoke.

"Do you still remember what I said to you during the Heart Inquisition?"

Xu Qing stopped in his tracks and nodded.

"No matter when, my heart won't change."

The Great Emperor didn't say anything else. Everything completely reverted. Xu Qing's figure and the surrounding void dissipated together.

The Great Emperor fell asleep again.

The rainbows in the sky dissipated.

Xu Qing's figure appeared outside the Sword Holding Palace. Everything before was like a dream that belonged to him alone.

His return attracted countless gazes and divine senses.

Most of the forces in the entire Imperial City were paying attention to Xu Qing. They didn't know what the Great Emperor had said to Xu Qing but they saw Xu Qing disappear from the Sword Holding Palace and return after about fifteen minutes.

The Sword Holders in the surroundings all looked at Xu Qing. There was also this generation's Sword Holding Palace Master among them but he didn't ask. He only stared at Xu Qing before turning and walking back to the Sword Holding Palace.

After he left, all the Sword Holders here followed him back to the Sword Holding Palace. However, every Sword Holder had imprinted Xu Qing's figure in their minds.

As they left, the area outside the Sword Holding Palace became empty.

Only Xu Qing stood there with his eyes closed. The scenes of him meeting the Great Emperor appeared in his mind and a hint of sorrow gradually rose in his heart.

"Is the Great Emperor going to die…"

Xu Qing mumbled inwardly. He felt a sense of entrustment. He was being entrusted with the fate of the human race.

After a long time, Xu Qing opened his eyes and cupped his fists, bowing to the Sword Holding Palace. He then left with a complicated expression.

The night sky.

The moon was bright and the stars were sparse. A gentle breeze blew as Xu Qing walked on the streets. His clothes fluttered in the wind and his long hair spread out.

The wind here was different from the wind in Fenghai County.

It wasn't that moist and was a little dry.

When it blew on his body, it gave off an unfamiliar feeling.

Xu Qing moved forward silently. The things that happened after he arrived at the Imperial City surfaced in his mind one after another. He needed some time to settle down.

Just like that, after a long time, Xu Qing saw the lake outside Ning Yan's residence. Under the moonlight, this lake was like a mirror, reflecting the sky. If one looked at it for too long, they would have an illusion that the moon in the lake was more real than the moon in the sky.

Time flowed by and the night passed.

After Xu Qing came back to the residence, he meditated for the entire night and recalled everything that had happened today. Finally, at dawn, he lifted his head and looked in the direction of the Sword Holding Palace, sighing softly.

As the day arrived, there was also a response from the jade token sent to the Tenth Prince's residence.

The Tenth Prince refused and replied that this was nonsense.

This didn't make sense.

One had to know that Xu Qing's actions after coming to the Imperial City caused anyone with some brains to not choose to stand out at this moment and test Xu Qing's bottom line for others.

This was especially so after the matter of the Great Emperor summoning him.

Logically speaking, the Tenth Prince should have chosen to return the items in line with human nature unless he was a fool.

Xu Qing shook his head. He didn't consider that the Tenth Prince was a stupid person. In that case, it was obvious that doing this was more in line with the Tenth Prince's own interests.

"This Imperial City is indeed complicated. Moreover, everyone has more than one mask."

A cold glint appeared in Xu Qing's eyes. He stood up and left the residence with Ning Yan, Kong Xianglong, and the others.

As for the captain and Zi Xuan, they had gone out early in the morning.

On the way to the Tenth Prince's residence, Ning Yan looked at Xu Qing with admiration and reverence. He naturally knew about the awakening of the Great Emperor yesterday.

After that, he thought of the Tenth Prince's actions. He moved closer to Xu Qing and uttered in a low voice.

"Boss, the Tenth Prince is heartless. He has ordinary talents, wasn't favored by his maternal family when he was young, and even the Emperor didn't care for him. My mother took pity on him and took care of him for several years in the palace. However, as soon as my mother passed away, he immediately forgot all the kindness and turned ungrateful."

"We'll know after we take a look."

Xu Qing calmly uttered and Ning Yan stopped talking. The group gradually arrived at the east of the city. Very soon, a luxurious mansion was reflected in their eyes.

The mansion was resplendent, seemingly afraid that others wouldn't recognize its nobility. Even the guardian beasts outside were crafted from spirit stones. Inside, there was a lively atmosphere, as if a grand banquet was taking place.

Laughter rang out from within, and the sound of music echoed.

Outside the gate, there were two guards. These two guards were a little nervous about Xu Qing's arrival. The cultivation base in their bodies rose as though they were facing a great enemy.

Xu Qing didn't choose to barge in, and made the guard report his arrival. However, after waiting for a long time and seeing no response, he thought about it and walked forward.

The two guards were about to stop him but their vision blurred. Xu Qing had already walked past them and arrived in front of the red gate. He then pushed.

With this push, the gate rumbled and cracks rapidly spread from the place Xu Qing touched. At the next instant, they shattered.

Xu Qing's eyes narrowed. As for the shattered pieces, they swept into the residence and scattered on the ground. There was also a sharp sound coming from the residence. Very soon, the figures of over a hundred cultivators rushed toward Xu Qing.

"Halt!"

"This is the Tenth Prince's residence. How dare you be so disrespectful!"

Although these hundred-odd cultivators roared angrily, for some reason, their speed was a little slow and the rushing sounds were loud. However, none of them really got close. They allowed Xu Qing and the others to walk past the courtyard and appear at the banquet venue.

At that moment, dozens of silkpants were sitting in the banquet. There were maids everywhere and it was a scene of debauchery.

In the middle was a youth wearing a prince's robe with a domineering expression. He cast a sidelong glance at Xu Qing and Ning Yan who were walking over and sneered.

"Get lost."

Everyone in the surroundings looked over.

Xu Qing made his move.

He took back the items.

Xu Qing walked out of the gate and turned his head to take a look. His gaze was deep.

In the prince's residence, Old Tenth unlocked his eyes in a daze. After seeing everything clearly and learning what happened from the surrounding people, he was furious.

When everyone saw this, they hurriedly bade farewell. Old Tenth was filled with anger as he punished all the guards. After his furious roar echoed, he stormed into his bedroom with resentment in his eyes.

The moment the door closed, no one saw that the resentment in Old Tenth's eyes disappeared and the corners of his mouth revealed a hint of emotion.

"Aunt Qing, Xinhai's ability is limited. The only thing he can do for you is to protect your belongings on behalf of the Twelfth Brother… Now, the items have came back to their rightful owner."

Old Tenth muttered inwardly. When he thought of his late elders, he felt a little bitter.

In that cold and indifferent palace, he would never forget who gave him the warmth of a mother.

"Unfortunately, I can only use this method. I can't let others see that I'm nostalgic, and I'll definitely find out the cause of your death!"































































"This Tenth Prince might not be a good-for-nothing like the outsiders think…"

After walking out of the Tenth Prince's residence, Xu Qing recalled the scene earlier. The large gate that had shattered with a single touch, the banquet that seemed to have been intentionally prepared, and the storage bag that was taken out arrogantly.

On the surface, it appeared as if he was being extravagant, and the Tenth Prince behaved arrogantly, but considering the outcome, every detail seemed to carry profound meaning.

However, many times, final judgment couldn't be made based on a single event. Whether the Tenth Prince truly did it deliberately or not would depend on his subsequent actions.

It seemed that the Tenth Prince had chosen to act in this way for a reason. He wasn't worried about being perceived negatively by people other than Xu Qing and Ning Yan because the power of words allowed him to change the intended meaning as he pleased.

Xu Qing fell into deep thought. At the side, Ning Yan revealed a contemplative expression. As a prince, Ning Yan naturally wasn't a stupid person. Now that he saw some clues, he instinctively looked at Xu Qing.

Xu Qing nodded slightly and returned to the residence with Ning Yan.

As for the storage bag, after returning to the residence, in the ancestral hall in the residence, Ning Yan opened it in front of Xu Qing. There was only one item inside.

It was a painting scroll.

It seemed to have been put into the storage bag with much difficulty. The process of taking it out was slow and required careful handling; otherwise, the storage bag might collapse, causing the scroll to be lost in the rift of space.

As for the scroll itself, it was wrapped in special materials, and even the storage bag was custom-made. Only in this way could it be barely stored inside the storage bag.



From this, it could be seen that the Tenth Prince was considerate. Such preparation also required a lot of energy and time to complete.

This was also the reason why Ning Yan couldn't bring this item with him when he left in a hurry back then.

The moment he took out the portrait, Ning Yan's body trembled slightly. He gently touched the portrait and reminiscence appeared in his eyes. After a long time, he opened it and hung it on the ancestral hall.

It was a portrait of a woman.

She wore a simple blue dress, quite plain, and had no decorations in her hair. Her appearance was delicate, with a mischievous charm in her eyebrows and eyes. A subtle smile adorned her lips, revealing a playful demeanor.

Although she might not be considered extraordinarily beautiful, there was something unique about her. There was a sparkle in her eyes that conveyed her lively personality.

Facing the portrait, Ning Yan felt a sense of melancholy. He silently approached and lit some incense, paying homage to his mother.

Gazing at the woman in the portrait, Xu Qing showed a serious expression. After offering incense and paying his respects to Ning Yan's mother, he focused on the eyes of the woman in the painting, his expression subtly changing.

It was unknown who created this portrait but it was very lifelike. Not only did they draw the pupils, but they also captured the reflections within the pupils.

While the details were somewhat blurred and unclear, the outline within the pupils of the portrait seemed to depict either an altar or, upon closer inspection, perhaps a pavilion.

As for the details, he couldn't tell.

Xu Qing fell silent and kept this matter in his mind. He glanced at Ning Yan at the side and noticed that the other party's expression was filled with longing as he stared at the portrait.

Xu Qing had experienced similar feelings in the past and knew that at this moment, Ning Yan might want to be alone.

Hence, he didn't disturb him and silently left the ancestral hall. As he walked in the prince's residence, Xu Qing occasionally saw the Sword Holders who had followed him from Fenghai County patrolling.

Other than them, the entire courtyard had been very empty.

A breeze blew over and the bell hanging under the roof emitted a crisp sound.

The sensation of emptiness in the surroundings also became obvious amidst the bell chimes.

Zi Xuan and the captain had yet to return, each having their own matters to attend to. As for Kong Xianglong, he went to visit Li Yunshan's place.

Hence, other than Ning Yan, only Xu Qing and Wu Jianwu were left in the entire courtyard.

From the direction of the lake, the sound of Wu Jianwu reciting a poem drifted with the wind.

"The water and sky are in chaos, the dust does not rise;

burning a koi in the Imperial City!"

"Good poem, good poem!"

The first line was Wu Jianwu's voice, and the second line was the parrot's praise.

 Xu Qing's divine sense swept over and he saw Wu Jianwu sitting at the side of the lake, staring at the surface of the lake and thinking hard. From time to time, he would say a few lines of poems. As for the parrot at the side, other than cheering, it also had a new job.

That was to record.

It recorded Wu Jianwu's poems in a jade token in case Wu Jianwu needed it.

Seeing that the two of them were having fun, Xu Qing simply sat on a stone chair in the courtyard and felt the wind in his surroundings. As he listened to the bell chimes, his heart slowly calmed down.

After sorting out the information he knew, he additionally understood that he would probably have to stay in the Imperial City for some time.

This had been because the Human Emperor had yet to summon him.

Xu Qing was not in a hurry. After organizing his thoughts, he closed his eyes and began to cultivate.

In the Imperial Capital, the density of spiritual qi far exceeded that of Fenghai County. Although there were anomalous substances, they were lesser here. To mortals, this meant that their lifespan would be almost normal.

To cultivators, their cultivation speed would be faster than in other places and the possibility of their bodies mutating would be infinitely reduced.

Hence, Xu Qing didn't waste the good conditions here and immersed himself in cultivation.

Right now, he had opened three divine repositories but he still didn't have a clue about the fourth one. This had been something he needed to consider in the future. There was additionally another important point, and that was the god form.































































Although Xu Qing could support the god form of the first divine repository, the second layer of the god form required the flesh of Crimson Goddess to provide nutrients. This consumption could be endured for a short period, but it couldn't be maintained for a long time.

Not to mention the third layer of god form.

"I have to find a way to change this."

Xu Qing pondered. Before he came to the Imperial City, he had asked his master this question. Old Master Seventh's reply was that he could find the answer in the Imperial City.

"Where is this answer?"

Xu Qing looked at the sky. After a while, he closed his eyes and continued to cultivate.

Just like that, days passed. Half a month later, the forces that were paying attention to Xu Qing gradually decreased. Xu Qing hadn't left the mansion in the past half a month.

As for what happened between Xu Qing and the Tenth Prince, it was naturally known by everyone. In fact, the Tenth Prince even sneered many times at the banquet, his words containing intense hostility toward Xu Qing.

In addition, there was another important thing that was also the source of the attention of the various forces.

There was a change in the war against the Black Heaven Race a few days ago. The reason was that a prince of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race had been invited to the Black Heaven Race's Imperial Capital.



This matter was extremely sensitive, and the war between the two sides also stopped. The atmosphere became tense.

As for Zi Xuan and the captain, Xu Qing rarely saw them in this half a month. Most of the time, Xu Qing would meditate alone in the courtyard.

This lasted until dusk on this day when two old friends of Xu Qing arrived outside Ning Yan's residence. After the report was made, the two of them were led into the courtyard by the Sword Holder.

"Xu Qing, long time no see, haha." As soon as they saw Xu Qing, one of them smiled and sat on a stone chair at the side as though they were close friends.

The other person was a little reserved and bowed to Xu Qing.

Xu Qing opened his eyes and his gaze landed on the two of them. He recalled slightly and recognized them.

"Brother Meng, Brother Huang."

The reserved one was the Sword Holder, Huang Kun, and the person who acted familiar with him was Meng Yunbai.

Xu Qing had seen these two at the Seventh Prince's banquet back then, especially Meng Yunbai, the grandson of the Supreme Commander. At that time, he had sat beside Xu Qing at the banquet and introduced everyone to him. The two of them also communicated more than the others.

"Haha, when I saw you back then, I could sense that your future was boundless, and that we would meet again."

"As expected, we met here in the Imperial City."

"I wanted to meet you for the past half a month, but my family didn't let me. The other parties were also paying attention. Now that there are changes in the war with the Black Heaven Race, the attention of everyone is on the battle. I'm finally allowed to contact you."

Meng Yunbai's personality was the same as what he had displayed at the banquet. He was carefree and could say anything. As soon as he opened his mouth, he directly pointed out the essence.

Huang Kun also nodded.

"This is also the reason why the Sword Holding Palace here didn't meet you. Actually, many Sword Holders want to interact more with you, Xu Qing…"

Meng Yunbai blinked and spoke mysteriously.

"Huang Kun and I were invited to the Mortal World Tower today. We thought of you and came to invite you. How about it, Xu Qing? Do you want to go for a drink?"

"Let me tell you, that Mortal World Tower is a good place. You've heard of the ten super sects of the human race, right? The Mortal World Forgetful Tower is the Mortal World Tower I mentioned."

"This sect is different from other sects. Most of the disciples are female cultivators. They cultivate the state of transcending worldly affairs. But to transcend worldly affairs, you must first be immersed in the world; to forget worldly concerns, you must delve into them."

"Therefore, they possess opened Mortal World Towers in many places. The prices are ridiculous and at the same time, there are requirements for one's status and cultivation. Those who don't meet the requirements are not allowed to enter no matter what.

Basically, my monthly allowance will be finished if I just go there once. While we are having fun inside, the Mortal World Tower's disciples are also cultivating."

"However, they only sell their skills, not their bodies, and no one dares to use force. Both sides possess to treat each other with respect. This is because it's rumored that this tower worships gods. Their god is the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race's Star Flame High God."

"As for the female cultivators in this building, each of them is of top standards and their figures are extremely alluring. At the same time, if we possess our own charm, engaging in dual cultivation with them will lead to mutual bliss in this mortal world."

Meng Yunbai licked his lips, his heart burning with passion. Seeing that Xu Qing wasn't interested and seemed like he was about to refuse, he tried to persuade him.

"In addition, the host of today's meeting is the imperial son of the Star Emperor Supreme Sect. He's the descendant of the Starry Sky Great Emperor. I think that since you've come to the Imperial City, you can be considered to be in its vortex. Even if you plan to stay aloof, it's naturally good to possess more friends in the Imperial City. You can also take this opportunity to make your own observations and perceive many things clearly."

 Xu Qing fell silent. Meng Yunbai's words made sense. Regarding the various parties in the Imperial City, he indeed had to observe them. Only then could he create a comprehensive judgment.

Moreover, Meng Yunbai had warmly invited him. After some thought, Xu Qing nodded slightly and stood up to walk out of the residence with Meng Yunbai and Huang Kun.

On the way, Meng Yunbai continued to talk, introducing the customs of the Imperial City to Xu Qing. His words combined with the information Xu Qing understood previously allowed Xu Qing to possess a better understanding of the Imperial City.

When dusk passed and the sky gradually darkened, not only did the crowd not decrease, but there were even more people.

The night life was equally exciting in this Imperial Capital. In the western part of the city, there was a courtyard with luxurious style, shining with gold and jade. Inside, there were artificial hills and flowing water, and occasionally the sounds of orioles and swallows could be heard.































































Outside the gate, three words were written in flamboyant style.

Mortal World Tower.

The lights were brightly lit. Although there were very few people coming and going, passersby would frequently cast their gazes over.

There were pavilions everywhere in the courtyard, separated by artificial mountains. Their entrance paths were also different. There were also array formations enveloping them, causing every pavilion here to be secluded and private.

Meng Yunbai was clearly a regular here. His arrival immediately attracted the attention of the granny in the tower. She smiled and walked over very warmly.

Although she was called a granny, she was actually only a middle-aged woman. Her appearance was charming, but upon closer inspection, one could still discern a coldness in her eyes. This combination of outward warmth and inner coldness added a lot to her allure.

Meng Yunbai naturally wrapped his arm around the waist of the granny, pointing at Xu Qing.

"Do you know him?"

The granny's beautiful eyes swept past Xu Qing and her pupils constricted.

"Who doesn't know Young Master Xu's great name?"

Xu Qing calmly swept his gaze across this place. He was not used to such places. As for Huang Kun, although he was very reserved when he saw Xu Qing, he still regained some of his elegance in this familiar place.

Just like that, amidst Meng Yunbai's laughter, the granny led the way.



The fragrance of incense permeated the air, creating a scene of romantic elegance.

There were many guards stationed in the place. Every time they saw Meng Yunbai, they would immediately greet him respectfully.

As they continued to walk, they saw many beauties moving gracefully. All of them had enchanting figures and beautiful appearances. After noticing Xu Qing and the others, almost all the beauties' beautiful eyes stopped at Xu Qing.

Xu Qing ignored them.

Very soon, under the granny's guidance, the three of them arrived at a pavilion. From the outside, it was empty except for a white-clothed woman playing the zither.

However, as he got closer, it was as though he had stepped into water. A hidden paradise unfolded before Xu Qing's eyes.

In the paradise, there was a huge immortal pool. Dense spirit qi spread in it, making one feel relaxed and happy. Not far away, there were more than ten youths chatting and laughing.

Beside each one, there sat a woman, each with a beautiful appearance and unique charm.

The person sitting in the center wore a black robe with a depiction of the starry sky, and gazed extraordinary. This person was handsome and had sword-like brows and starry eyes. He was currently occupied in conversation with the woman beside him.

This person was clearly the host today, the imperial son of the Star Emperor Supreme Sect.

Ahead, melodious music echoed, and dancers gracefully swirled, creating a lively atmosphere.

The arrival of Xu Qing and the other two attracted the attention of everyone around the immortal pool. As many gazes were cast over, Meng Yunbai took a step forward and chuckled at the starry-robed youth.

"Brother Peng, Huang Kun and I approached late but we brought a good friend."

"He is Xu Qing. You don't need me to introduce him, right? Everyone should have heard of him."

As Meng Yunbai spoke, everyone's gaze landed on Xu Qing in unison. Some even stood up and a smile appeared on their faces as they cupped their fists toward Xu Qing.

As for the imperial son with the surname Peng, his gaze also scanned past Xu Qing and he nodded slightly. His expression wasn't deliberately cold, nor was it friendly. It was just normal.

Xu Qing was the same. After a short exchange of greetings, he found a place to sit down. Meng Yunbai chatted and chuckled with everyone before sitting beside Xu Qing. He introduced the origins of everyone here to Xu Qing in a low voice.

Basically, they were either descendants of influential people or disciples of large sects. They were observing Xu Qing, and Xu Qing was also observing them. Every time they gazed at each other, no matter what they thought in their hearts, they would each show a dignified smile.

Soon, some beauties reached at the hidden paradise, causing the atmosphere here to become even more lively. There was also a very fair-skinned beauty who sat beside Xu Qing and smiled.

"Young Master, you seem a little reserved."

Xu Qing plunged silent. It wasn't that he was reserved but this was the first time he had faced such a situation in his life.

At the same time, in the ancestral hall in the Mortal World Tower, the clay fox enshrined in the altar slowly emitted a divine radiance. Its once dim eyes now exhibited a lively sparkle.

Laughter gradually echoed in the ancestral hall.

 "Should I go and take a look at my stinky little brother…"































































At that moment, within the immortal pool hidden paradise of the Mortal World Tower, laughter and music echoed, accompanying the changing emotions between men and women, gradually intensifying.

Xu Qing also keenly sensed that as the emotions of everyone in the hidden paradise intensified, there were fluctuations from an array formation here.

The effect of this array formation was inclined toward gathering. It was similar to a spirit gathering array but it gathered the seven emotions and six desires.

Xu Qing fell into deep thought and glanced at the wine glass in front of him. The amber-colored wine inside emitted a unique wine fragrance. When he took a sip earlier, he could already sense that this wine was extraordinary.

"Ordinary people can't drink the wine of the Mortal World Tower. If they take a sip, they will definitely die from intoxication."

The woman beside him noticed his gaze and smiled.

"The wine here is called Drunken Immortal. Although there is some exaggeration in its reputation, it's very difficult for cultivators below the Nihility realm to neutralize its effects through their cultivation base. To a certain extent, this can actually be considered a poison."

"However, it's harmless to the body. It's also because of this that this wine is becoming increasingly precious. This is because to us, sometimes the circulation of cultivation base is instinctive. In addition, our bodies are extraordinary, so it's very difficult for us to experience intoxication."

"Only this Drunken Immortal can make us drunk and magnify some emotions."

"As for the array formation here, this is how the Mortal World Tower cultivates."

When Xu Qing heard this, his gaze swept past everyone. He didn't quite understand. Poison was used to kill. Why did they have to swallow it and pursue this so-called intoxication?

Regardless of whether it was the Nanhuang Continent or Fenghai County, such a thing would not happen.

'Perhaps it's because this is the Imperial City.'



Xu Qing didn't agree but he wouldn't say anything. In this Mortal World Tower, not only did he sense the array formation, but he also sensed that all the women here were absorbing the power of emotions in the surroundings.

Xu Qing felt uncomfortable in such an environment. At the same time, he also felt a sense of disgust. He noticed that Meng Yunbai was having a good time exchanging toasts with others. As for Huang Kun, he was also beaming with joy as he whispered to the woman beside him.

All of this made it difficult for Xu Qing to fuse into the environment. Hence, he wasn't willing to stay any longer and was about to leave. However, at that moment, a dazzling light appeared in the hidden paradise. A red teleportation array shone on the immortal pool and two figures walked out.

The people who came were both women. Xu Qing had seen the person in front before. She was none other than the granny who had led the way earlier. As for the woman behind her, her presence seemed to overshadow the splendor of the immortal pool.

Everyone present cast sidelong glances.

The gaze of the imperial son from the Star Emperor Supreme Sect was even more fiery. His goal in coming here was for this woman.

This woman wore a green veil on her face, revealing only her eyes. Her eyes were as clear as spring water, and she was dressed in a yellow embroidered dress with phoenix patterns. Her trailing skirt was adorned with pink smoke veils, and she walked with delicate steps, showcasing her slender waistline through the light fabric.

Her graceful silhouette was elusive, exuding endless charm. In her arms, she cradled an antique pipa.

Adorning her head was a misty bun with a peony flower gently pinned, revealing delicate eyebrows that seemed to surpass distant peaks. Her hair carried the fragrance of spring mist.

She was truly a peerless beauty, capable of overshadowing a hundred flowers and captivating all living beings

She emerged from the immortal pool with light steps and walked to the forefront of the gathering. After a courteous bow, she sat on a jade pedestal. With a delicate hand movement, the music began.

The first note was graceful and regretful, as if holding a hidden story, infinitely lingering.

Then the melody rose, resonating melodiously. It resembled dancing butterflies in the air or sparkling stars in the night sky.

It seemed like a woman was recalling the beautiful moment between her and her lover, penetrating the hearts of the listeners.

It was beautiful and moving.

However, very soon, the tune changed, adding a touch of parting and reluctance.

It was as though her lover was going to the battlefield and had no choice but to separate. All that was left was yearning.

Subsequently, within the melodious notes, a theme of sorrow emerged, as if the lover was being informed through the music: 'Everywhere you have been carries your presence, and when you come, the music plays; when you leave, the music forever becomes you.'

Everyone was moved.

Gradually, the sound of the pipa changed again. This time, it was more heroic and sharp. It scattered in all directions, causing snowflakes to fall.

The ceiling instantly turned pitch-black. Countless stars gradually appeared and spun rapidly, turning into a tombstone.

This scene tugged at everyone's thoughts. It gave people the feeling that the woman had learned of her lover's death on the battlefield. Her internal turmoil, sorrow, and resentment seemed directed towards the world, the heavens and earth, and all creation. There was a sense of helplessness and despair in her emotions.

 It was a time when bones lay unclaimed for thousands of miles, and every household had souls buried under them.

Though the husband had perished on the battlefield, the wife's existence endured like a daytime candle.

The immortal pool paradise was silent.

Some people thought of the Black Heaven Race, some thought of the human race, and some thought of their ancestors.

In the end, the last note of the music, endlessly lingering, gradually transformed into the first note.

It was as though they had traveled back in time and returned to the past, only sighing that if only life was like when they first met…

"Good!" The imperial son stood up and said loudly.

As soon as he spoke, everyone in the surroundings stood up one after another and praised from the bottom of their hearts. Even Xu Qing's heart stirred.

He had heard music before but never like now. It was as though he had heard a complete story. His mind and even his thoughts actually followed the other party's pipa.

The woman lowered her head slightly and picked up the wine glass in front of her, raising it to everyone. After that, she gently lifted her veil and took a sip.

The corner lifted by the veil revealed her charming face, delicate and alluring, with a complexion as fair as jade. The hand holding the wine glass was slender and enticing.

Her small mouth, painted red with vermilion, curved into a smile as she lowered the glass, captivating hearts with every frown and smile.

It caused one's heart to stir and an impulse to possess her rose.

Seeing that her emotions were in place, the granny smiled and spoke.

"Young masters, this fairy is our esteemed hostess, Ling Yao. Usually, Ling Yao rarely appears. Today, I heard that there are important guests, so I invited her."

"As for the rules of Ling Yao, all the young masters should know them."

After the granny finished speaking with a smile, the imperial son surnamed Peng nodded and spoke in a deep voice.

"Of course I know. Ling Yao will sit beside whoever she fancies. This matter can't be forced."

As he spoke, he looked at Ling Yao affectionately. He had come here this time for the other party and had expressed his feelings many times. According to the feedback from his perception, the other party was also interested in him.

And most importantly, the female cultivators of the Mortal World Tower cultivated the Dao of forgetting emotions. To forget emotions, one must first be devoted, and devotion was not about seeking but giving. Therefore, the benefits for the male cultivators during their first dual cultivation with them were immense.

Moreover, the higher the woman's cultivation, the more astonishing the benefits.

"With the help of Ling Yao's power, my confidence in stepping into Nihility from the perfected Spirit Repository will increase by a little."

While the imperial son with the surname Peng was thinking inwardly, Ling Yao, who was hugging the pipa, had a bright and energetic look in her beautiful eyes.

After she swept her gaze past everyone, her gaze finally landed on Xu Qing. She smiled lightly and walked over with graceful steps. Under everyone's gazes, she sat beside Xu Qing.

Xu Qing's body instinctively stiffened. This reaction caused him to be on guard.

He didn't recognize this woman, and it was not a simple matter that she chose to sit beside him on their first meeting.

Xu Qing frowned slightly and turned to look at the woman sitting beside him.

Ling Yao's beautiful eyes were filled with spirit as she also looked at Xu Qing and spoke softly.

"Young Master, why are you looking at me like that?"

The voice was gentle, carrying a seductive tone. Hearing it, Meng Yunbai beside Xu Qing felt a fluctuation in his heart. As for the imperial son with the surname Peng, he remained expressionless, retracting his gaze. He didn't say much, just picked up his wine glass, took a sip, then put it down, closing his eyes.

As for the others, their expressions varied. They gazed at Xu Qing, then at the imperial son, exchanging glances with each other. Everything was silently communicated. The young man sitting beside the imperial son, after observing Xu Qing and the imperial son, grinned at Xu Qing.

"Brother Xu is indeed a phoenix among men. This is your first time here and you actually attracted the affection of Expert Ling Yao. This matter should be celebrated. Brother Xu, let me toast you. We'll have to keep in touch in the future."

As the youth spoke, he picked up a large glass of wine and politely lifted it before drinking it first.

The other party's words and expressions were very polite, so Xu Qing couldn't reject him. He picked up the wine glass and drank it as well. However, just as he finished this wine, another youth lifted his wine glass.

"Brother Xu is a talented person and is also a member of our human race's feudal territory. I've heard of you many times over the years and I admire you very much. I'll drink three cups."

As he spoke, he guzzled three cups in a row.

Xu Qing's expression was calm as he glanced at the youth. He quickly understood the reason behind their actions. Soon, others followed suit, offering toasts with polite words and friendly expressions.

Even though he knew they had a purpose, this approach made it hard to confront them directly. Meng Yunbai stood up and wanted to help but was stopped by Xu Qing.

To others, this poisonous wine would induce a sense of intoxication, but for Xu Qing, any poison was of little concern. Thus, he accepted cup after cup without showing any effects when it was his turn.

Hence, everyone here peered at him with strange gazes.

As for Xu Qing, he smiled slightly at everyone after memorizing their names and appearances.

"I'm very happy to see all the elites today. All of you are the pillars of our human race and are all geniuses. The glory of the human race requires us to continue ahead. Why don't we each have a jar?"

As Xu Qing spoke, he peered at the granny.

The granny was stunned but she quickly got the maidservants to bring more than ten jars of wine.

Seeing this, everyone hesitated. They didn't dare to drink too much of the wine here.

And wine was sometimes also a weapon.

Xu Qing's heart was calm and a grin that his eldest senior brother had taught him appeared on his face.

"Please!"

The scene froze a little. The imperial son opened his eyes and peered at Xu Qing. He didn't bat an eyelid or reveal his emotions as he stood up and walked out.

"I'm tired today. Let's meet again another day."

The others also stood up one after another. When Meng Yunbai saw this scene, he apologized to Xu Qing. After that, he peered at everyone and frowned, about to speak.

However, at this moment, light flashed on the immortal pool and an old woman with a head full of white hair walked out.

This old woman's expression was solemn and dignified. After she appeared, the entire hidden paradise trembled.

With her arrival, all the female cultivators of the Mortal World Tower in the paradise stood up to greet her.

"Grand Elder."

Even the imperial son and the others had solemn expressions when they saw this old woman. They also greeted her.

From this, one could see her identity.

This person was the Grand Elder of the Mortal World Forgetful Tower, presiding over the matters of the sect in the Imperial Capital.

After she appeared, she only nodded in the face of the greetings from the imperial son and the others. To her, they were all juniors.

She didn't care. At that moment, her gaze swept over and landed on Xu Qing. The solemn expression on her face spun gentle as she smiled and spoke.

"Is this Young Master Xu?"































































"Young Master Xu, we are honored by your visit. I apologize for any shortcomings in our hospitality"

"If Young Master is free, can we move to another place?"

"An elder of my sect has invited you over for a chat."

The old granny's words were polite. After saying that, she looked at Xu Qing inquiringly.

When everyone saw this scene, they were all surprised.

They were all aware of Xu Qing's background. Hence, they had only toasted him previously and didn't go overboard. They didn't truly tear off each other's facades.

After all, there was no need for them to do this for a woman.

However, in their intelligence reports, Xu Qing had nothing to do with the Mortal World Forgetful Tower which was a super sect of the human race, and had a god of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race backing it.

Their attitude was ambiguous.

Even the Human Emperor could only tacitly agree to this.

Hence, it was shocking that this sect was so polite to Xu Qing. What caused many guesses was the sect elder that the old granny mentioned.

Everyone's gazes flickered. The prince surnamed Peng also narrowed his eyes. His attitude toward Xu Qing was the same as the various forces. He didn't offend but he wasn't close either and maintained a certain distance.

Hence, when he saw Ling Yao sitting beside Xu Qing earlier, although there were waves in his heart, he didn't have any intense reaction. His identity and the background of this Mortal World Tower made him restrain himself.



However, his prestige had been somewhat damaged, so he tacitly allowed the person beside him to toast Xu Qing.

Just now, when he saw that it was about enough, he didn't want to intensify this matter, so he stood up and prepared to leave. However, the arrival of the old granny caused him to have more thoughts about Xu Qing.

Meng Yunbai and Huang Kun were also shocked as they looked at Xu Qing.

Xu Qing sighed inwardly. He had more or less guessed the answer. In reality, when Meng Yunbai introduced the Mortal World Tower and the god it worshiped, Xu Qing already understood. However, this was the Imperial City of the human race after all.

According to his understanding of Crimson Goddess, worshiping a god and god descent were different.

In addition, after experiencing the event in the Moon Offering together, Xu Qing knew that Star Flame High God wasn't an enemy at least for now. As for the future, it was hard to say.

This was also the reason why Xu Qing still chose to come here.

Since he had been discovered, Xu Qing pondered for a moment before cupping his fists toward the old granny and agreeing to head there.

Just like that, under everyone's gazes, Xu Qing and the old granny left. Ling Yao also left with them.

After Xu Qing left, everyone had different thoughts and left one after another. They would inform their families immediately about what had happened today. One could imagine that the various forces would weigh Xu Qing even more heavily.

The imperial son surnamed Peng also fell into deep thought. As he looked at the teleportation array Xu Qing left in, a strange glint appeared in his eyes.

Meng Yunbai blinked. He originally thought that he already knew Xu Qing's details very well. However, now that he looked at it, what he knew was only the surface information.

Under the surface, Xu Qing had even more hidden cards.

"Interesting..."

Meng Yunbai smiled and left as well.

At the same time, Xu Qing followed the old granny and teleported out of the immortal pool paradise. When he reappeared, he was already outside the ancestral hall in the depths of the Mortal World Tower.

Here, the old granny respectfully bowed to the ancestral hall and took a few steps back, indicating for Xu Qing to enter alone.

Looking at the gate of the ancestral hall, Xu Qing took a deep breath and stepped forward to push it slightly. The gate slowly opened and a pink light spread out, enveloping Xu Qing's figure. Xu Qing also saw the clay fox enshrined in the altar of the ancestral hall.

Looking at the clay fox, Xu Qing cupped his fists and bowed.

"Greetings, High God."

Laughter echoed in the ancestral hall.

"Stinky brother, you were so reserved during the Moon Offering. I didn't expect you to come to such a place.

 How could I not know what this place is? Fortunately, I woke up in time. Otherwise, you would have been devoured by those sluts."

Xu Qing remained silent.

"Stinky brother, are you surprised to see me? Are you happy?"

Xu Qing shook his head.

"I'm not surprised. Wasn't the High God sitting beside me just now?"

The clay fox's body shone as It opened Its eyes and looked at Xu Qing playfully.

"Stinky little brother's perception is good. You actually sensed a wisp of my divine consciousness on Ling Yao. What do you think of Ling Yao? She's a divine maiden I personally chose. In the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race, I have another divine maiden as well. I'll get her to come and play with you later."

"If you like them, I can allow you to share a drop of your yang essence with each of them."

Xu Qing was already used to the teasing in the clay fox's words. He wasn't moved but asked politely.

"There should be some other reason for the High God to summon me, right?"

The clay fox rolled Its eyes, revealing a look that said he wasn't fun.

"Your expression…"

"I can't easily descend with my true body here due to your Sword Holding Emperor guarding this city; otherwise, I would be slashed by him. Right now, I really want your yang essence."

"Forget it, forget it. Time is tight. I won't be awake for long. I reckon that your Sword Holding Emperor will sense me in a while. I called you over to remind you of something."

"Your Human Emperor… is doing something major that the Emperors of the human race have never done since ancient times!"

Xu Qing's eyes narrowed.

The clay fox smiled but didn't say anything specific. Instead, It lifted Its head and gazed into the distance.

"Also, you have to be careful of your human race's State Preceptor… That person is very dangerous."

The voice of the clay fox was filled with seriousness.

"He is a little similar to you…"

When Xu Qing heard this, he abruptly raised his head and was about to speak. However, at the next instant, a terrifying divine sense spread out from the Sword Holding Emperor's statue and enveloped this place.

The clay fox let out a cold snort, looking like It was a little unconvinced. However, in the end, It still closed Its eyes and returned to being a statue. At the same time, It emitted a gentle force that sent Xu Qing out of the ancestral hall.

A long time later, the divine sense dissipated.

The old granny outside the ancestral hall cast a meaningful As a servant of the High God, she was well aware that statues of the god existed in every Mortal World Towers. However, they were only statues and they would rarely awaken like today.

Especially for a single person.

However, she knew this matter concerned the god, so it was better for her not to probe into it. She lowered her head slightly and politely sent Xu Qing out of the Mortal World Tower.

Xu Qing remained silent the entire way. The moment he strolled out, he turned his head and glanced at the Mortal World Tower before turning and walking into the night.

At that moment, the sky was already dark. The night sky of the capital was pitch-black and there were no stars in the sky. It was covered by a thick layer of clouds and muffled thunder could be heard from time to time.

The lights in the city could be considered bright but not every street was the same. There were very few pedestrians at night. Most of them had returned to their residences. Some of the pedestrians transferred alone and some were walking in groups of three to five.

Perhaps it was because of the thunder, but as the humidity permeated the air, the pedestrians strolled hurriedly.

At this moment, the wind blew, bringing with it a chill. It blew across the ground and the eaves, emitting whimpering sounds as it landed on Xu Qing's face.

The instant it landed on his face, the seasons seemed to have changed.

"Autumn is here."

Xu Qing felt the coldness in the wind. He strolled on the streets and pondered over the two things the clay fox had told him.

"What kind of major event is the Human Emperor trying to do?"

A long time later, splashing sounds echoed as droplets of rain fell to the ground. Lightning intertwined and the rain became even heavier.

A hazy light emitted from Xu Qing's body, blocking the rain. He didn't stop in his tracks, nor did his thoughts stop. This was because at that moment, he was recalling the last sentence of the clay fox.

"Be careful of the State Preceptor… He is a little similar to me…"

Xu Qing mumbled. He had never seen the State Preceptor before but he felt very uncomfortable hearing that they were somewhat similar.

"The similarity the Star Flame God said shouldn't be referring to danger. It's also impossible for me to make Her feel danger. Then, putting this point aside, the so-called similarity… should be aura, perception, or appearance."

Amidst the rain, Xu Qing suddenly stopped in his tracks. His expression darkened and a cold glint appeared in his eyes. He raised his head and gazed at the path in front of him.

This was a long street. The houses on both sides were tall and short, and each of them was pitch-black. Only the raindrops landed on the eaves, emitting a crisp sound. When they landed on the ground, they piled up into small puddles that were continuously merging.

Lightning flashed, illuminating everything, even the wind.

The wind was originally invisible but in the heavy rain, the rain drenched the invisible body of the wind, revealing it. It tilted toward Xu Qing and rushed toward him.

Amidst the cold and humidity, there was a hint of sharpness that transformed into knives hidden in the wind and rain that suddenly passed in front of Xu Qing.

The instant they got close, a spiky staff that was like a demon-

subduing staff instantly flew out of Xu Qing's storage bag. Among the three heads, the eyes of the Diamond Sect's ancestor widened in anger as it let out a shout and headed straight for the wind in front of Xu Qing.

Its speed was so fast that it surpassed the wind and rain. In an instant, the sound of collision echoed in the wind. Long blades formed by the rain broke and rolled back, collapsing.

As for the demon-subduing staff, its speed didn't decrease as it rapidly transferred around Xu Qing. After a series of clanking sounds spread out, the rain became even heavier. When it landed on the ground, countless small puddles on the ground gathered together and became complete, like a lake.

The rules of this place were also completely changed at this moment.

The surroundings were hazy and blurry. Only lightning flashed, thunder rumbled, and the lake water under Xu Qing's feet rose rapidly, as though it wanted to drown him.

What was even more astonishing was that in the waves of the lake around Xu Qing, the shape of a palm appeared. It was rising from the bottom of the lake, wanting to grab Xu Qing.

Further away, figures manifested in the rain one after another. Their appearances couldn't be seen clearly and they were like water lifeforms, rushing toward Xu Qing from all directions.

Every one of them emitted intense killing intent.

The pitch-black houses on both sides also changed at this moment. They turned into black bald statues sitting cross-

legged. They each unlocked their eyes and let out sinister and bizarre sounds.

"Hear the decree of the Ghost Fiend, you lonely soul. The eight divisions of ghosts decree: those with grievances in life shall perish, those without heads shall live. The wind descends with deadly blades, the water overflows, and life hangs by a thread. Resolve grievances to find peace, injustice leads to ruin. Kneel before our altar, and let your life lose its light before the Eight Trigrams!'"































































The chants formed wisps of black mist, spewing from the mouths of those bald statues, intertwining in the air to outline a black rune.

The runic inscription, elongated in shape, was showered by rain, and ink dripped from it, emitting a sense of decay and gloom.

After that, it rushed toward Xu Qing, wanting to seal him.

At this critical moment, Xu Qing's eyes turned pitch-black as he manifested the Poison Restriction in his eyes. His gaze that could curse anything looked at the approaching rune.

After the gaze landed on it for a breath of time, the rune swayed and dimmed slightly. Poison spread within, causing it to have no choice but to erupt with an eerie light and try to resist.

After two breaths, the poison intensified greatly and emitted poison mist, transforming into blurry malevolent ghost faces that were wailing.

After three breaths of time, the rune rumbled and shattered, starting to corrode. However, it was already less than 30 feet away from Xu Qing.

The poison in Xu Qing's body erupted completely at this moment. Not only did his gaze spread the poison, but his body also spread it, enveloping the surroundings and forming a storm that swept toward the rune.

A sound rang out. The black rune seemed to have a life of its own and didn't forcefully suppress the poison. Instead, it dissolved and formed countless runes that spread out on the long street.

From afar, it looked like scattered joss papers, opening the path between yin and yang, sealing the souls of countless ages.

The sky darkened.



It sealed off the surroundings, covering the sky and enveloping the ground, causing this long street to be isolated from the Imperial City and become an independent space.

In this space, the rules were changed and the laws were affected. Everything was completely different from the outside world.

The puddles on the ground had long turned into a lake and were rapidly rising, drowning Xu Qing's legs and waist. It was as though it wanted to drown everything here.

The Dao curse augmented this place. At the same time, the 52 statues stood up from their cross-legged positions and stepped on the water, heading straight for Xu Qing.

There were a large number of water lifeforms that had appeared earlier. They weren't cultivators but were formed by divine arts. Their killing intent was intense and they were already nearing Xu Qing.

There was also a palm formed underwater that carried the intent of extermination, slaughter, and the aura of ghosts and fiends as it grabbed over.

Danger was approaching Xu Qing from all directions.

The rain became even heavier, drenching Xu Qing's clothes and long hair.

The killing intent grew increasingly intense, invading Xu Qing's body and soul.

The long street was chaotic, deceiving the heavens and drowning the earth. This was a trap set up by the water fiends and sinister spirits.

To be able to cast this spell, one had to at least have the cultivation of the perfected Spirit Repository. Moreover, there had to be many of them to set up the formation. There was a greater possibility that a Nihility had taken action.

Only then could such a killing intent be formed.

Moreover… there was a high chance that the other party didn't come personally but cast the spell from afar. They wanted to end the battle quickly and knew Xu Qing's route like the back of their hand, so they made arrangements in this long street in advance.

All these thoughts flashed through Xu Qing's mind. His expression was solemn and a chill rose in his eyes. Ever since he left the Moon Offering, he hadn't felt such a life-and-death crisis.

There was a very simple way to neutralize the danger, and that was to detonate the ancient sun. However, if he did so, he wouldn't be able to withstand the explosion either. Most importantly… if he exploded the ancient sun here, it would affect the entire Imperial City.

This… might be one of the other party's goals.

Xu Qing narrowed his eyes and the cultivation base in his body instantly erupted. The three divine repositories behind him towered into the sky and the furnace inside moved with rumbling sounds, forming divine might and flames that spread in all directions.

The high temperature instantly filled the entire space and the lake started to rapidly evaporate, forming fog. At this moment, Xu Qing's body borrowed the power of his divine repositories to soar into the sky. The moment he left the surface of the water, the water below him churned and a palm suddenly stretched out, wanting to grab him.

Xu Qing was expressionless. He pushed his right hand toward the sky.

Immediately, the shadows in the surroundings appeared and spread rapidly in all directions with him as the center. As the shadows spread out, anomalous substances rose.

That was Xu Qing's shadow. At this instant, it spread out and enveloped this place. The forbidden zone that it had swallowed was released in this space, covering the place. It transformed into a black vortex above Xu Qing and spun rapidly.

There was water on the ground and the shadow in the sky, with Xu Qing in between.

Since this place was isolated and became an independent existence, releasing the forbidden zone here was naturally the most suitable.

Using the god's power to suppress cultivators' spells was one of the ways to fight.

 At that moment, as the shadow spread out, the entire space swayed. Xu Qing's shadow also rapidly distorted, forming a palm, similar to the water palm below.

The palm was pitch black, and within it, a large tree could be seen, hanging a coffin like a pendulum, swaying with a creaking sound, echoing like a whisper, influencing the surrounding curse. As the murderous intent exploded in Xu Qing's eyes, his right hand descended.

Immediately, the palm formed by the shadow descended from the sky. After it passed through Xu Qing's body, it collided with the water palm that rose from below.

The rumbling sound transformed into a deafening sound wave that spread in all directions. Wherever it passed, the rain collapsed and ripples appeared on the water lifeforms that were rushing over.

As for the 52 statues, their footsteps also stopped.

At the same time, Xu Qing bent down slightly and arched his back. His entire person shot out like an arrow that had left the bow, heading straight for those statues. The demon subduing staff dancing beside him erupted with speed and whistled toward the water lifeforms that were rippling..

In the blink of an eye, the fight began.

Under Old Master Seventh's special refinement, the might of the iron rod was astonishing. The three faces on it all opened at this moment. The eyes of Crimson Goddess and the Immortal Forbidden god opened, providing more power, causing the might of the demon subduing staff to increase greatly. It pierced through the water lifeforms.

After they were pierced through, the water lifeforms couldn't form again, as though they had lost their life and turned into ordinary water that splashed everywhere.

Xu Qing was even more powerful. His speed was so fast that it exploded the rain and his form rapidly changed. The first divine repository behind him emitted the sound of heavenly lightning and split into countless pieces that chased after Xu Qing, fusing into his body one by one as he moved forward.

This was the divine source.

As the divine source fused into his body, his body tore apart and he grew larger and taller!

His body was similar to the Ghost Emperor and he wore a crown.

A piercing golden light emitted from his body and transformed into rainbow colors in the surroundings.

His heart was the Heavenly Dao Furnace which pounded like thunder, erupting with raging flames that burned his entire body.

There was also a black spear that was surrounded by countless lightning bolts that appeared out of thin air. Xu Qing grabbed it and appeared in front of a statue. With a sweep of the spear, the statue shook and directly collapsed, transforming into countless pieces that scattered in all directions.

This was Xu Qing's first layer of god form. After he displayed it, his combat strength soared explosively. Moreover, the taboo spear contained terrifying power.

With Xu Qing's speed, his body instantly moved through the dozens of statues. None of the statues could withstand a single blow and collapsed one after another.

However, Xu Qing slowly frowned.

After the last statue shattered under his spear, an intense life-

and-death crisis suddenly rose in Xu Qing's heart. He didn't hesitate at all and abruptly lifted his right hand, throwing the spear in his hand to the end of the long street.

At the same time, he took out a piece of Crimson Goddess' flesh and held it in his palm.

The black spear whistled through the air while carrying countless bolts of lightning. As a loud bang echoed, the spear stabbed into the air at the end of the long street, unable to penetrate it.

That place was the barrier of the seal, and at the location of the spear tip, one could see the corner of a black shirt nailed there.

Previously, someone had been hiding here…

At the same time, a cold voice echoed on the long street.

"We underestimated you, and you also underestimated the Dao curse."

"The Dao Supremacy asked: What does it mean for the living to be punished while the dead are spared? We answer: Because the Dao image locks the heavens and the earth!"

As these words were spoken, the fifty-two shattered black bald statues exploded from the lake and formed fifty-two iron chains, heading straight for Xu Qing. Regardless of Xu Qing's attempts to dodge, they were of no avail as the chains directly bound and ensnared him.

The 52 iron chains bound Xu Qing while their ends were in the lake. From afar, this scene looked like they were chaining a demon.

"The Dao Supremacy closes his eyes and asks: What is the meaning of the wind descending with deadly blades, the water overflowing, and life hanging by a thread? We answer: Because the Dao water can seal all spirits!"

This wasn't the end. As the voice rang out again, the lake water turned into threads that shuttled through the iron chains, heading straight for Xu Qing, wrapping around him once again. This ethereal yet real binding sealed all divine senses and all senses, further covering Xu Qing's eyes.

"The Dao Supremacy rejoices and asks again: What does it mean to rectify grievances and to right wrongs, to overturn the universe, and to confuse right and wrong? We all understand: It's the Daoist curse that nails the soul!"

52 black nails rose from the lake. Upon closer inspection, one could see that on each nail sat a black bald statue that had shrunk many times.

They whistled over and directly stabbed Xu Qing's entire body at an astonishing speed. The places they stabbed were Xu Qing's soul-related veins. This was nailing the soul of reincarnation.

"The Dao Supremacy closes his eyes and sighs: 'Hundred ghosts are seated, serving the Lord of the Underworld, souls are refined, the Five Hells are filthy, the Hundred Elixirs are mysterious, the Seven Fluids are insufficient, constantly giving rise to boundless misery, the laws govern."

As the words were spoken, chaos erupted around, the figures of countless beings, the souls of myriad races, all transformed into wisps of black mist, converging to form the initial black rune, rushing swiftly towards the center of Xu Qing's brow.

What was even more astonishing was that the long street Xu Qing was on, which was isolated from the Imperial City, finally changed its appearance…

This wasn't a long street at all.

This was a rectangular talisman that had been magnified countless times!

There were two talismans, one yin and one yang, one bright and one dark!

At the end of the long street was the end of the dark talisman. At that moment, the talisman… was curling upward and moving toward Xu Qing, intending to coordinate with the black talisman in front of him, to truly seal him.

The feeling of life-and-death crisis continued to rise in Xu Qing's heart. However, he still didn't detonate the ancient sun. Instead, he crushed the piece of Crimson Goddess' flesh in his hand.

The second divine repository behind him rumbled and transformed into a dense black fog that instantly enveloped Xu Qing's figure and fused into his body.

At the next instant… a terrifying aura spread out earth-

shatteringly as the fog churned.

There were also Xu Qing's painful roars that sounded like they came from gods or demons. Wherever the sound passed, the void would explode and rune would tremble, causing intense ripples in the lake.































































The moment this terrifying aura erupted, this independent space emitted endless fluctuations. The lake water rose, the void distorted, and the rain shook.

Clouds and fog appeared in the sky of this space, rapidly churning and forming a vortex, rumbling as it spun, connecting with the fog on the lake, as if bridging the gap between heaven and earth, forming a tornado.

The pressure enveloped the surroundings and rain poured in all directions.

Under this tornado and this terrifying aura, the black rune floating in the fog kept swaying and cracks that couldn't be restored appeared on it.

Pitch-black blood seeped out from it.

There were also cracks forming on the talismans that had transformed into a long street.

It seemed that the roiling from the fog brought forth a tremendous force, surpassing the scope of these two talismans, causing signs of unbearable stress to appear.

In the talisman, a blurry face appeared and stared fixedly at the fog where Xu Qing was. Although the exact appearance of this face couldn't be seen, the gloominess in its expression was extremely obvious.

At the same time, the 52 iron chains that extended out of the lake were creaking intensely. As roars rang out from the fog, seven of the iron chains instantly broke!

The lake rumbled and the shattered iron chains collapsed inch by inch, turning into ashes. It was the same for the threads. They were directly torn apart by the huge force coming from the fog.

Seeing this, the face in the black rune revealed a hint of unwillingness and transmitted its bizarre voice.

"The Dao Supremacy asked: When the water and fiends are exchanged, the ghosts are extinguished, and the evil is removed, what shall be done? We say: Those who disobey our command shall be beheaded!"

With a sound akin to wailing ghosts and howling wolves echoing in all directions, the lake churned. A longsword formed of lake water emerged from the surface, slashing fiercely toward the fog where Xu Qing stood.

Its speed was extremely fast, stirring up countless raindrops, breaking the void, shattering the air, and carrying with it the intent of extermination.



At the same time, the black rune began to burn. Green flames rose and augmented it, wanting to forcefully activate.

The talismans on the long street also erupted and rolled up even more.

As for Xu Qing, his body was bent and trembling intensely in the foggy storm. He let out a roar that didn't sound human at all.

An indescribable intense pain swept through his body and soul like the world was collapsing. It tore through his god's body and emitted even more pitch-black poison mist.

In the blink of an eye, seven more chains on his body broke.

14 nails that were suppressing his soul were forced out as well. Amidst popping sounds, they rolled back and shot out, piercing through the fog and heading straight for the water sword outside the fog.

Sounds of collision rang out as the 14 nails pierced through the water sword, heading toward the black rune and the long street talisman.

In an instant, they penetrated through them.

The black rune was riddled with holes, and a corner of the talisman was destroyed. The damage to them caused the sealing power of this space to decrease sharply. At the next instant, the fog churned violently.

Amidst the rumbling sounds, the remaining iron chains, lake threads, and nails were shattered or forced out.

The broken water sword continued to be pierced through. Finally, when it entered the fog, it shattered.

At this moment, the last iron chain, the last strand of lake thread, and the last nail shattered one after another and the fog suddenly erupted.

The fog rapidly contracted inwards. As it expanded and contracted, it revealed an earth-shattering figure.

Ancientness, darkness, and slaughter were the first impression this figure gave off.

His entire body was shrouded in black armor, with no visible skin, not even on his skull, which added to his terrifying appearance. What was particularly eerie were the flames burning in the sockets where his eyes should have been.

The coldness it emitted was enough to make one's heart palpitate.

There were also wisps of black fog that curled up from the armor and rapidly gathered behind it. In the blink of an eye, they transformed into a black cloak that seemed to be able to blot out the sky.

The cloak swayed with the vortex in the sky, covering this space. Decay and poison spread endlessly.

It looked like a demon.

This was Xu Qing's second stage of god form after layering two divine sources. In this state, it was as though everything would wither and perish in front of him.

This Yin-Yang Water Evil Array was no exception.

 Xu Qing took a step forward and appeared in front of the black rune. He lifted his pitch-black right palm that didn't look like a human hand and grabbed it.

The black rune burned intensely and emitted black smoke that transformed into black dragons and roared at Xu Qing. However, the moment they got close, their roars turned into screams.

In Xu Qing's current state, the poison spreading from him had reached its peak, capable of corroding everything it touched. Those black dragons were invaded, gradually dissipating under the poison's relentless corrosion.

The pitch-black helmet covered Xu Qing's expression, and only his exposed eyes emitted eerie flames. He ignored the screaming black dragons and grabbed the black rune with his right hand, squeezing it ruthlessly.

With a cracking sound, the rune collapsed and the black dragons in the surroundings turned into black blood that landed in the lake.

Xu Qing knew that he couldn't maintain his current state for too long. Hence, after crushing the rune, he lifted his head and coldly looked at the end of the long street.

On the talisman long street that was riddled with holes, a figure appeared.

This figure looked bizarre. It wasn't made of flesh and blood but was a black paper effigy.

It stood on the upturned street of talismans. Its drawn eyes revealed a hint of coldness as it stared at Xu Qing and slowly spoke.

"I obey the Ghost Fiend Dark Art, rivers, sun, moon…"

Xu Qing instantly rushed out with a terrifying aura, heading straight for the paper effigy.

The paper effigy calmly fell backward and lay on the talisman. It fused with it and continued speaking.

"…mountains, seas, and stars are within my grasp. I bring forth light and darkness at will. The curse is swift and absolute!"

The instant Xu Qing arrived, the sound dissipated. As for the talismans, they churned intensely and erupted at the same time from both ends, rapidly rolling toward Xu Qing.

It was like a huge wave that emitted a terrifying pressure.

Seeing this, Xu Qing lifted his right hand and ruthlessly pressed down on the ground.

The moment he hit the surface of the water, the area trembled violently. Everything in the surroundings was decaying and being invaded.

The lake water instantly turned dark and the rules here were forcefully tainted.

Everything became a part of the Poison Restriction and was controlled by Xu Qing to erupt in unison. The vortex in the sky also descended at this moment and fused with the fog of the Poison Restriction, suppressing the street talismans.

A roaring sound rang out in all directions like a large bell. There was also the sound of a mirror shattering echoing. The seal from the Yin Yang Water Fiend was isolated and shattered.

In Xu Qing's eyes, the world returned to normal.

The street was still the street.

The rain was still falling.

Only pieces of dark joss paper fell from the sky and melted into the rain. Xu Qing caught one of them.

His body also returned to his normal form at this moment. The instant he removed his god form, blood flowed out of his mouth.

At that moment, whistling sounds rang out from afar. Although the battle had happened in an independent space, it was very difficult for its energy to remain hidden in the Imperial City. Now, it had been discovered.

Xu Qing didn't move. His vigilance was still there as he looked ahead. At the same time, he took out a jade slip and began to transmit his voice.

Very soon, figures appeared one after another. They were all Sword Holders who were patrolling this place. Hence, they rushed over immediately. When they saw Xu Qing and the black joss paper falling in the surroundings, their expressions changed. After looking at each other, they knew that this was a major matter!

After all, this was the Imperial City. An assassination attempt here was an incredibly serious matter, especially since the target of the assassination was Xu Qing!

This matter had worsened.

Hence, they immediately began to collect traces here.

Not long later, two rainbows flew over from different directions. After they emerged on the long street, they headed straight for Xu Qing.

One was Zi Xuan, and the other was Li Yunshan.

Seeing the two of them, Xu Qing heaved a sigh of relief inwardly.

Li Yunshan's expression was gloomy as he checked his surroundings. Zi Xuan's expression was filled with anger. After she arrived and confirmed that Xu Qing was fine, her expression softened a little. Li Yunshan was about to speak.

Xu Qing shook his head.

"Let's talk when we get back."

Li Yunshan nodded. Under their escort, Xu Qing quickly left and returned to Ning Yan's residence safely.

The moment he returned, the captain, who had disappeared for a few days, had also returned. His expression was solemn as he looked at Xu Qing with Zi Xuan and Li Yunshan.

"This was a trap set up in advance."

Xu Qing stoically spoke.

"Meng Yunbai invited me to the Mortal World Tower. He knows my whereabouts and is one of the suspects."

"In the Mortal World Tower, the imperial son of the Star Emperor Supreme Sect had an indistinct conflict with me. He might also be one of the suspects."

"Also, everyone I met on this trip, including Huang Kun, is a suspect."

"However, these are all on the surface. There might be other parties in the dark who attempted the assassination for different purposes. For example, the Seventh Prince has a motive."

"The assassin is a dark paper effigy. He doesn't have life and is more like an incarnation. His cultivation level is Nihility…"

"Also, the spell is called a Dao curse and contains the feeling of Ghost Fiend. However, it's too obvious and someone might be framing them."

"Also, there are a few suspicious points about this assassination. Firstly, how did they dare to assassinate me in the Imperial City? If I die, it won't be a good thing for the various parties in the Imperial City. However, the various parties clearly sensed it too slowly."

"Secondly, the assassin seems powerful but according to the understanding of all parties, they clearly know that I have the Sun of Dawn and also know of my battle accomplishments. They shouldn't have only dispatched such an assassin."

"Thirdly, during the battle, I had a feeling that the other party was more like a sacrificial soldier and wanted me to detonate the Sun of Dawn. However, it's very difficult to tell if this feeling was intentionally evoked by the other party to mess up my thoughts."

…

After Xu Qing told them all the details and suspicious points about this assassination attempt, he lifted his right hand. There was a piece of dark joss paper in his palm.

"In the end, this assassination gave me the feeling that it wasn't to really kill me but to make me a chess piece and take the step the person behind the scenes wants."































































After Xu Qing finished speaking, everyone remained silent.

Although they didn't see this assassination with their own eyes, the essence of this assassination had already appeared with Xu Qing's description.

This was especially so for the few suspicious points Xu Qing had mentioned. No matter how one looked at it, there was something very wrong.

"What kind of faction does it have to be able to carry out an assassination in the Imperial City without triggering the attention of the various forces and the array formations in the Imperial City? Or rather, what kind of faction can make everything in the Imperial City fall silent and slow?"

The captain suddenly spoke.

Xu Qing didn't speak. Zi Xuan and Li Yunshan looked at the palace.

In the entire Imperial City, the Human Emperor was one of the people who could do this. Or perhaps, there were forces that even the Human Emperor was wary of. There was also the Sword Holding Emperor.

Xu Qing and the others lacked information about the factions the Human Emperor was wary of and found it difficult to analyze.

As for the Sword Holding Emperor, he was in a deep sleep. It was already a miracle that he woke up when Xu Qing arrived. It was impossible for him to maintain his awakened state, and there was no reason for him to do so.

"If… Little Qing had detonated the Sun of Dawn, what would have happened?" Zi Xuan suddenly asked.

"The human capital would have descended into chaos, countless casualties, all factions shaken. It would have been a loss of face for all, becoming a laughingstock for all races. Regardless of whose fault it ultimately was, we would bear the responsibility and lose control of the situation. The outcome would have been difficult to predict. At that time, the attitude of the Human Emperor would be crucial."

Li Yunshan slowly answered and frowned.



"Interesting." The captain sneered.

"That person indeed has a way to capture all of Little Qing's whereabouts and has the ability to arrange this assassination. Also, it's in his interest for Xu Qing to survive."

"But when all the clues and suspicions point to that individual… I can't shake the feeling that this matter isn't so straightforward."

"Is it possible that this is a case of sowing discord?"

"Or perhaps the mastermind's goal is to make us suspicious, and every move we make from now on is just a piece on their chessboard."

The captain's gaze was deep and his voice echoed in the courtyard.

"Let's change our analysis and ignore the person behind the scenes. We need to think about what we'll do now."

After the captain finished speaking, he looked at Xu Qing, then at Zi Xuan. Finally, he looked at Li Yunshan, who was in charge of the Sword Holders.

Li Yunshan answered in a deep voice.

"The first thing we'll do is let the Sword Holders of Fenghai County enter the city. While protecting Xu Qing, we'll also investigate this matter."

"At the same time, we'll report this matter to the Holy Wave Large Region."

The captain shook his head.

"There's nothing wrong with doing that but when there are too many people, it's inevitable that it will look like we are overstepping our bounds. At that time, the matter of this assassination will be even more chaotic. However, we can't do nothing… this assassination attempt on Xu Qing is a signal…"

Li Yunshan fell silent. After the captain finished speaking, he didn't speak anymore.

The entire courtyard fell silent. Only the wind and rain whistled outside, stirring up raindrops. In the distant sky, behind the black clouds, the light of the sun gradually appeared.

Xu Qing didn't speak from the start to the end. He also heard everyone's analysis. Coupled with his experience, his thoughts spread. He thought of the State Preceptor that the clay fox had mentioned… and also the answer he had analyzed on the way.

After a long time, Zi Xuan retracted her gaze from the palace and calmly spoke.

"The Emperor, being recognized by the Great Emperor, must possess the demeanor of an emperor. It's not easy to make a decision hastily. However, regardless of the circumstances, your decision, Xu Qing, is crucial in this matter."

Xu Qing lifted his head and looked in the direction of the palace. After a long time, he nodded.

"Then, we'll report this matter to the Human Emperor in the name of the Holy Wave Large Region. The results that we can analyze will naturally be analyzed by the Human Emperor and the other forces."

"What the mastermind behind this seeks, we need not speculate. We shall wait to see how the Emperor handles the aftermath of this matter."

Zi Xuan agreed. Li Yunshan thought about it and chose to silently agree.

As for the captain, he blinked and spoke in a low voice.

 "Little Qing, do you remember when we first went to Fenghai County? Your decision is not wrong, but I feel we should still shed a tear and let people make some noise. It might be better this way."

Xu Qing thought about it and his countenance gradually turned pale, looking like he was heavily injured…

"It's not enough, Little Qing. Let me help you."

The captain was eager to take action. Li Yunshan felt a little speechless and turned his head away.

Zi Xuan coldly glanced at the captain. The captain shrunk his head and laughed awkwardly, his heart filled with regret.

Just like that, time flowed by and dawn soon arrived. As for the matter of the assassination attempt on Xu Qing, it also spread like a storm. It was unknown if it was true or false. As the news spread, the various forces in the Imperial City were shaken.

Accompanying the news of the assassination was Xu Qing's recent situation.

Xu Qing had endured the injuries. After he was escorted back to the residence, his injuries erupted and he fell unconscious. Fortunately, he still had a chance of survival and the people from Fenghai County were doing their best to protect and treat him.

The matter continued to spread and caused a commotion in all directions. Meng Yunbai and Huang Kun came to visit immediately. Although they didn't see Xu Qing and it was the captain who received them, their nervousness and their performance of trying their best to clear their names revealed their shock from this matter.

The imperial son of the Star Emperor Supreme Sect also arranged for medicinal pills to be sent over to express his goodwill.

The ones who had been present at the immortal pool paradise and even the Mortal World Tower came to visit.

Old Master Seventh and the others in the Holy Wave Large Region also learned of this through the news from Li Yunshan. The entire Holy Wave Large Region immediately mobilized their troops.

In half of the Black Spirit Region, a large number of rituals began, causing the world to rumble.

What was even more astonishing was that in the direction of the Moon Offering, the heir's aura erupted into the sky and the might of the Soul Accumulation enveloped the surroundings. Princess Mingmei and the Moon Rebel Hall where Grandma Five was at erupted with Soul Accumulation fluctuations.

There was also sword qi from Old Ninth that rose shockingly.

Their auras erupted from the Moon Offering. After these energies gathered together, they shook the surroundings. This was them using their own methods to express their anger about this matter.

At the same time, in the Imperial City, the jade token that everyone from Fenghai County submitted on behalf of Xu Qing had all the reports and sent to the Human Emperor.

The jade token described the incident, and was attached with that piece of black joss paper.

As for the Sword Holders who were stationed here, they weren't summoned to the residence. They were still outside. Xu Qing and the others didn't do anything and only reported this matter.

Regardless of who the person behind the scenes was and what their goal was, Fenghai County's choice was to remain unchanged. The Human Emperor was the most suspicious, so… they would report it to the Human Emperor. The disposition of the other party is not just observed by Xu Qing and the others; all parties in the capital are watching.

Two hours after the jade token was sent to the palace, a dignified voice disseminate throughout the entire Imperial City.

"The Upper Mystic Sword Holding Palace, the Law Palace, and the Special Command Palace shall investigate together. There must be results within a month!"

This was the Human Emperor's decree.

The moment it spread out, light erupted from the Sword Holding Palace, the Law Palace, and the Special Command Palace. They formed illusory tall figures that emitted terrifying auras and bowed to the palace.

"As you command!"

After that, a sacred pill from the palace was sent to Ning Yan's residence. That pill was exquisite and translucent, filled with a strange fragrance. In fact, the pill bottle that contained this pill was also extraordinary. It was made from bones.

"Heaven Rejuvenation Immortal Pill!"

The moment he saw this pill, Ning Yan exclaimed.

"There aren't many of these pills in the palace either. It's said that some of its main ingredients have already gone extinct in Wanggu. Only the holy lands have them… The medicinal effects of this pill can be said to be astonishing in terms of healing. It's even effective against the injuries of Heavenly Kings."

"This one is infinitely valuable."

The captain's eyes also widened and he instinctively licked his lips. Xu Qing lifted his hand and brought it in front of him. After carefully identifying it, there were also waves in his heart.

With his understanding of the Dao of Medicine, this medicinal pill was extremely extraordinary. Moreover, the refinement method was something he had never heard of before. The most astonishing thing was that the moment this medicinal pill was taken out, the thin anomalous substances in the surroundings were actually suppressed.

In fact, the divine sources in Xu Qing's body also circulated faster.

"This contains some mysterious elements."

Xu Qing fell into deep thought. Under the captain's eager gaze, he kept the pill.

The captain blinked and began to think of a way to hoodwink this pill out of Xu Qing… However, he felt that it was very difficult. He sighed and thought to himself that Little Qing had learned to be smart now and wasn't easy to fool.

In the following period of time, the Human Emperor's decree came into play. The Sword Holding Palace, the Law Palace, and the Special Command Palace were very attentive in investigating the assassination.

They even went to the Ghost Fiend Dark Sect.

The environment in the Imperial City was tense, and all the minor criminals were trembling.

There were naturally clues under such investigation. However, Xu Qing didn't pay attention to them. Half a month later, his 'injury' recovered and his first public appearance was with Zi Xuan.

As for Zi Xuan, after Xu Qing experienced the assassination, she no longer went out to investigate the green lantern. Instead, she stayed by Xu Qing's side. Even now that his injuries had healed, she still remained by his side.

Hence, in the following days, every time Xu Qing went out, he would be with Zi Xuan. The two of them walked through the entire Imperial City. Every time they went to a certain place, Zi Xuan would stop and sense the direction of the lantern.

"There are a total of nine locations with the fluctuations of that lantern. Three of them are in the palace, two are underground, and four are on the Ancient Sovereign Planet."

"As for the exact location, I need some additional items to accurately investigate."

"Xu Qing, among these additional items, I can refine the tools myself but I still need a special blood pill processed with my blood for activation."

Zi Xuan looked at Xu Qing.

Xu Qing nodded.

"I'll help you refine it."

Just like that, after the sensing ended, the two of them bought a lot of materials from the Imperial City and returned to Ning Yan's residence. One processed tools and the other refined the pill.

Because the refinement of the blood pill was special, it couldn't be done overnight. It required a pill furnace as a carrier. At the same time, it also needed to be augmented by cultivation according to the degree of condensation of the blood pill and added to other medicinal herbs every once in a while.

Xu Qing was very concerned about this. Time flowed by and soon, another half a month passed. When he was only a few days away from the final refinement of this blood pill, a decree from the palace entered Ning Yan's residence.

The content of this decree affected all parties because… the Human Emperor had finally summoned him!

"Summoning Xu Qing from the Holy Wave Large Region!"

"Summoning the 12th son, Guyue Ning Yan!"































































The time for the meeting was at dawn, which was just six hours from now.

To the human race, meeting the Human Emperor was the most solemn event. Moreover, the human race emphasized etiquette. Different occasions required different etiquette. It was even more so when entering the palace to meet the Emperor.

Hence, along with the imperial edict, there was also a set of court attire that was sent to Xu Qing.

This attire was exceedingly intricate, with numerous patterns embroidered with a five-clawed black dragon and various runic symbols. From head to toe, there were over a hundred pieces, and without understanding how to wear them properly, it would be difficult to put them on neatly.

Li Yunshan, Kong Xianglong, and the others were in a daze when their gazes landed on the attire.

They didn't know how to wear the court clothes and could only sense that it was extraordinary.

Even the captain, who had experienced many lives, widened his eyes in confusion when he saw the parts of the attire. However, he could sense that this attire contained treasure light that greatly surpassed the clothes of Nether Fairy.

Immortal qi lingered on them and they had a glossy look. When combined, it looked like a moving magic treasure.

"They're really rich!"

The captain licked his lips and was very envious. He thought to himself that he had to get a set too. Otherwise, his reputation as the eldest senior brother would be severely damaged.

As for Ning Yan, he couldn't wear regular court attire to face the emperor either. He had his own special clothing, and when it came to Xu Qing's attire, he scratched his head in confusion and shook his hand.



"I don't know how to wear this either. Why don't I send a voice transmission to Third Sister and ask her to come over for a while?"

"There's no need," Zi Xuan calmly said.

"People need etiquette to enlighten themselves. Spring is seen for audiences, while autumn is seen for paying respects. The former is in red, and the latter in black."

"The golden dragon represents the emperor, with five claws signifying respect. The black dragon represents the region, and the five claws also signify respect. This is the ancient custom attire for overseeing a territory."

"The Emperor has shown no disrespect in his decree and the bestowal of court attire, so we must reciprocate in kind."

"As for the method of wearing, it follows the ancient method of refinement, aligning with the principles of the five elements and the nine palaces, combined with the evolution of celestial stars, totaling forty-nine different methods. Each is suited for different occasions and ceremonies."

"Today, with the Emperor summoning, and Xu Qing representing the Holy Wave Large Region, it is appropriate to wear the ancient attire for paying respects. Since guarding a territory is meritorious, there is no need to kneel when paying respects. The Emperor will first nod three times, grant a seat, and then we will bow nine times as a sign of gratitude."

As Zi Xuan's voice rang out, Ning Yan, the captain, Li Yunshan, and the others all looked at Zi Xuan. They didn't understand but they felt that it was impressive.

In their opinion, although Zi Xuan's understanding of this could be explained by reading a lot of books, they vaguely felt that it wasn't that simple...

While everyone was guessing, Zi Xuan glanced at the black court attire. She then lifted her right hand and gently waved it. Immediately, the hundred-odd pieces of the attire flew over and surrounded Xu Qing in all directions.

Xu Qing looked at those clothes. Due to his understanding since he was young, he didn't know much about these ancient etiquettes. However, his heart was calm.

This was because... in the Imperial Capital, there were probably not many people who understood the ancient sovereign better than Zi Xuan.

In fact, Xu Qing even felt that there was a certain possibility that Zi Xuan might have participated in the customization method of the imperial uniform back then.

"Wait outside for a while." Zi Xuan's voice was cold. At that moment, her words seemed to contain some dignity. Li Yunshan and the others couldn't help but lower their heads and leave the main hall.

As for the captain and Ning Yan, who were originally afraid of Zi Xuan, they quickly left as well.

Very soon, only Xu Qing and Zi Xuan were left in the hall.

"It's very difficult to wear the court attire yourself. Close your eyes. I'll help you."

Zi Xuan's voice was gentle. When Xu Qing heard this, he took a deep breath and obediently closed his eyes.

At the next instant, as Zi Xuan waved her hand, the clothes on Xu Qing's body instantly separated. When Xu Qing's body trembled, the court clothes fell one after another. They were combined according to different combination methods and fit on Xu Qing's body.

While putting them on Xu Qing, Zi Xuan's voice echoed.

"The Heavenly Marquis court dress is mainly black, with a dignified and square shape, hence called 'xuanduan.' The accompanying headwear is called 'weimao,' and it was required in the past to be made from the bones of heaven devouring beasts for adornment."

"Nowadays, with the extinction of heaven devouring beasts, they are replaced with the black immortal jade. Because this court attire is composed of weimao and xuanduan, it is formally referred to as weiduan in ancient sovereign era."

Hearing Zi Xuan's voice, Xu Qing was even more certain of his guess. He could sense the cloth pieces being put on his body continuously. There seemed to be a lot but it was very comfortable on his body.

Even the cultivation base in his body circulated slightly faster. A sense of clarity rose within him, as though he had been blessed by laws and rules.

 "Alright, you can open your eyes now."

A while later, Zi Xuan's voice rang out.

Xu Qing opened his eyes when he heard this. The first thing he saw was a hint of light and admiration in Zi Xuan's eyes.

After that, he raised his hand and waved it. A layer of mist rose and gathered into a mirror, reflecting his appearance.

The black court dress exuded a sense of grandeur and solemnity, with the five-clawed black dragon embroidered on it appearing alive, seeming to move and roar faintly as the dress swayed around, as if it were roaming on Xu Qing's body.

The tips of the boots curved upward in the shape of three circles, while the black jade crown he was wearing was adorned with a jade cloud band, all the accessories including jade ornaments and tassels were meticulously arranged.

In addition, Xu Qing's appearance was extraordinary. Coupled with this, his aura became even more astonishing.

"Pretty good. We'll greet the Human Emperor politely. If the current Human Emperor fails to comprehend, it's a testament to his limited knowledge, revealing his true caliber."

A proud smile appeared on Zi Xuan's face.

Xu Qing blinked, not knowing what to say.

After Zi Xuan sized him up, she walked closer and adjusted the details for him. In the end, she held Xu Qing's arm in satisfaction and brought him out of the main hall, appearing in front of everyone.

This was the first time everyone saw Xu Qing in such clothes, and their hearts immediately stirred.

Li Yunshan was in a daze. The first feeling Xu Qing gave him was pressure. This wasn't brought about by his cultivation but the meaning represented by the court dress.

The captain's breathing hastened slightly, and the desire for the court dress in his heart grew even stronger.

Kong Xianglong took a deep breath and lowered his head solemnly.

As for Ning Yan, he was also stunned for a moment. He sighed with emotion inwardly. He felt that when his boss walked out in this dress, it would definitely cause the hearts of all the female cultivators in the Imperial City to beat wildly. If his boss had designs on a certain female cultivator, even his sixth brother would probably have to admit defeat.

'Although cultivators don't value looks that much, but… but… why does he have such a devilish appearance? Is Boss really a human?'

Xu Qing didn't care about their reactions. He was sensing the active changes in his cultivation base under the effect of the court dress.

Although he had never worn such grand clothes before which made him a little uncomfortable, he had to admit that this set of court clothes was very comfortable.

Just like that, two hours later, after Ning Yan changed into the prince's attire, the group departed Ning Yan's residence and headed for the palace.

At that moment, dawn had yet to break. Because it was autumn, the night breeze carried a hint of chill, it was not bone-chilling.

And in the late-night streets, there were few pedestrians. It wasn't until half an hour later, as the faint light of dawn began to permeate the distant sky, that early risers gradually increased in number. By then, Xu Qing and his entourage had already passed through the teleportation array and arrived at the rainbow bridge behind the statue of the Sword Holding Emperor.

This bridge could only be stepped on by qualified officials during the court meeting. Other than that, one had to be summoned by the Human Emperor to have the qualifications.

Hence, Zi Xuan and the others from Fenghai County couldn't accompany Xu Qing.

And this audience was a morning court assembly, so when Xu Qing and Ning Yan emerged on the Rainbow Bridge, their gaze fell upon the figures proceeding along the rainbow bridge.

Those figures were all adorned in court clothes. There were men and women and their expressions were dignified. The cultivation fluctuations emitted from their bodies were all extraordinary.

Most of the clothes were blue and occasionally red. As for black… Xu Qing only saw seven of them.

These seven people's cultivation levels were all at the fourth stage of Nihility. Some were alone and some were surrounded by others. From a visual perspective, they were quite conspicuous.

Xu Qing was observing others, and the others were also probing Xu Qing. His black court attire was equally conspicuous in the eyes of others.

However, they weren't familiar with each other. At most, they looked at each other and didn't chat.

Xu Qing's gaze landed further away. At the end of the rainbow bridge was a palace that seemed to be floating in the void.

It fused with the Ancient Sovereign Planet behind it in terms of aura. It was vast and boundless, and shone with golden light.

As Xu Qing stared, he flew on the rainbow bridge. Ning Yan followed closely behind Xu Qing. The closer he got to the palace, the more nervous he became. However, after sensing Xu Qing's calmness, his heart more or less calmed down.

As they approached, the palace became clearer, showcasing its carved beams and painted rafters, splendid towers and magnificent halls. Outside the main gate of the palace, two giant golden-armored figures stood guard, wielding large swords, their gaze sharp as they scanned everyone entering.

When Xu Qing and Ning Yan's figures emerged outside the palace gate, the two golden-armored giants fell upon them, but they made no move to stop them. They allowed the two to enter and walk across the Immortal Receiving Square. Xu Qing and Ning Yan gazed up at the magnificent grand building atop the wide and expansive staircase of ten thousand steps.

At that moment, hundreds of people were standing on the Immortal Receiving Square and waiting. Xu Qing and Ning Yan's arrival attracted the attention of the people here.

A while later, when the sun ascended in the distance, a dignified voice rang out from the top of the steps.

"Morning court begins!"

As soon as the voice rang out, the sky churned, and golden dragons emerged from the clouds, encircling in all directions, each emitting a resounding roar. Moreover, the statues from all over the imperial capital radiated auspicious lights, painting the sky and earth in myriad colors, creating a scene of tranquility and harmony.

On the Immortal Receiving Square, all the human cultivators ascended into the air one after another according to the color of their clothes and walked toward the main building.

Because the Heavenly Kings didn't need to attend the court meeting, black was the first to rise into the air, followed by red, then blue, green…

Seeing dozens of people in black court clothes soaring out, Xu Qing took a deep breath and his expression turned solemn. He also flew up and leaped over the steps, observing the open door of the main building and the Human Emperor sitting on the dragon chair in the distance!































































It was the moment of sunrise.

Not all the suns in the Wanggu Continent rose from the east. However, in the human race's Grand Imperial Capital Region, the sun came from the east. At this moment, it was like a huge furnace that burned the world, forming a red light that slowly spread.

It tore through the night and scattered the light on the statue of the Sword Holding Emperor, causing the Great Emperor's shadow to envelop the rainbow bridge and the palace.

From afar, the Immortal Receiving Square in front of the palace's main building was covered in purple smoke.

There was a feeling of dense fog as well as a large bell. At the moment the night and day fused, it appeared out of thin air and hung in the air above the square.

It was the Immortal Inquisition Bell.

This bell dated back to the Ancient Sovereign Mystic Nether Era. It stayed between yin and yang, appearing at sunrise and vanishing at sunset.

Its effect was to verify the heart.

Since ancient times, there would occasionally be officials whose words were doubted by others. They had to ring the Immortal Inquisition Bell to prove their true intentions.

This was during the ancient times.

However, during the period of the Human Emperor Mystic War's reign, there weren't many such matters.



At that moment, the officials in black, including Xu Qing, had already stepped into the main hall. What entered Xu Qing's vision was a vast hall.

This hall was so vast that it could accommodate thousands of people. In the surroundings, there were huge pillars carved with auspicious beasts that supported the roof of the hall. There were also bright lights that illuminated the hall.

Teams of golden-armored guards could be seen at the edges of the two sides. They stood there motionless and lowered their heads slightly to show respect to the arriving officials.

As for the front, there was a nine-tiered long platform, rising like a ladder. Each tier was nearly a thousand feet long and hundreds of feet wide, progressively advancing until the ninth tier, where a majestic dragon throne was present.

There was a person sitting upright on the dragon throne.

This person's entire body was hazy and his exact appearance couldn't be seen clearly. One could only see that he was wearing a golden emperor's robe that emitted supreme might.

He wore a crown on his head, and there were twelve tassels hanging from the front and back, crafted from five-colored immortal silk interwoven with pearls of the sun and moon, representing the sovereign's ability to perceive both the seen and unseen.

He was the core of the entire hall, the core of the Grand Imperial Capital Region, and the core of the human race in the Wanggu Continent.

What was even more astonishing was the fortune.

The fortune from the entire human race gathered on the Human Emperor. Under such enhancement, Xu Qing only took a glance and felt as though he was being suppressed by an endless aura.

His eyes felt a piercing pain. Even when he faced the heir and the others in the Moon Offering Region, he didn't feel such a piercing aura. This had nothing to do with cultivation. This was the power of fortune.

Under this fortune, the Human Emperor could shatter anything with a thought.

Xu Qing lowered his head slightly. The etiquette Zi Xuan had told him before appeared in his mind.

"Ancient Sovereign Mystic Nether unified not only the lands of the living, but also the realms of the dead. Thus, the orientation of the court was shifted from facing north to facing south, symbolizing that the fate of all beings, living and dead, lay within the hands of humanity."

"From then on, during both minor and major court sessions, the Emperor faces east."

"At minor court sessions, the Great Emperor, Heavenly Kings, and Upper Mystic Palace Masters need not attend, but they must be present at major court sessions. The Great Emperor sits on the sixth tier, the Heavenly Kings sit on the third tier, and the Heavenly Marquises sit on the first tier, all facing east. The Three Dukes stand below the first tier, facing east. The Deputy Palace Masters of the Upper Mystic Five Palaces stand to the north and face west, while the Deputy Palace Masters of the Lower Mystic Five Palaces stand to the south and face west. Members of the imperial family stand to the right of the main entrance, while the Grand Stewards and their officials stand to the left."

While Xu Qing was pondering, the dozen or so cultivators in black court dress who had entered with him had already taken a step forward and walked onto the first platform. They stood there and faced the entrance of the hall.

Xu Qing took a deep breath and similarly flew out, heading straight for the first platform.

His arrival attracted the gazes of the others. However, most of them only swept their gazes over. Very soon, Xu Qing's figure appeared on the first platform, standing near the end.

Almost at the same time that he stepped onto the first platform, outside the grand hall, the officials began to enter, taking their positions in accordance with their respective court ranks.

The main hall was silent.

As for the three dukes under the first platform, Xu Qing only saw one. It was an old man in a red court dress. His white hair draped over his shoulders and his figure was tall and straight, looking dignified. As for his identity, Xu Qing didn't know the details and guessed that this person might be the Grand Chancellor.

According to what Zi Xuan told him, the court meeting was usually presided over by the Grand Chancellor.

At that moment, as everyone took their respective positions, the old man in the red court dress swept his gaze across everyone. Finally, he turned and looked at everyone on the first platform, including Xu Qing.

 When his gaze landed on Xu Qing, he paused slightly. What he focused on wasn't Xu Qing's appearance but the details of his clothes. A hint of surprise flashed across his face.

He sensed a slight difference in Xu Qing's attire. That ancient aura and authenticity might be difficult for ordinary people to notice but he could tell at a glance.

After that, he retracted his gaze and cupped his hands and bowed to the Human Emperor on the ninth platform.

"Your Majesty, the court ceremony is set."

Everyone in the hall lowered their heads. According to past court meetings, the Human Emperor would stand up at this moment to show his respect to the officials and perform a collective bow, signifying the conclusion of the ceremony.

However, this time, there were some differences…

The Human Emperor slowly stood up from his seat. His pressure enveloped the surroundings and the power of fortune of the human race spread out into the world.

The clouds and fog churned outside, and golden dragons roared. He didn't join the officials in the collective bow like before; instead, he turned his head and directed his gaze through the crown tassels towards Xu Qing.Then, he nodded slightly three times.

"For your meritorious service in governing the borderlands, take your seat!"

The voice of the Grand Chancellor echoed as he spoke on behalf of the Human Emperor.

At the next instant, the surface of the platform behind Xu Qing rippled and a black-colored dragon chair slowly appeared.

Xu Qing's expression was solemn as he bowed nine times to express his gratitude. He didn't lack manners and his posture was correct, revealing the feeling of ancient customs.

When this scene landed in the eyes of everyone in the hall, none of them batted an eyelid. However, in their hearts, they paid more attention to Xu Qing. They realized that behind Xu Qing, there were people who had an extremely deep understanding of human etiquette.

After that, the Human Emperor and the officials bowed together. The Human Emperor sat down and Xu Qing sat down. The cultivators in black court dresses sat cross-legged.

The bell rang and the morning meeting began.

Soon, someone walked out and spoke about the political affairs.

First, it was the people's livelihood, followed by various incidents in the human race, including impeachment, financial problems regarding the human race, diplomacy, and so on.

As for the Human Emperor, he rarely spoke. Most of the time, it was handled by the Grand Chancellor. Only at important matters would the Human Emperor say something concise and decisive.

This was Xu Qing's first time in the hall of the core of the human race and participating in such a meeting. There were waves in his heart and it was very difficult for him to be as calm as usual.

Sitting with his back facing the Human Emperor, his gaze landed on the main hall.

From the expressions of everyone here, it was impossible to tell what they were thinking. As he listened to their words and everyone's participation in a series of events, Xu Qing could sense what it meant by every word was a gem—concise yet potent, often open to multiple interpretations.

"These people are all extraordinary talents among humans…"

As discussions in the hall turned to diplomatic matters and the conflict with the Black Heaven Race, with each minister speaking in turn, Xu Qing's gaze settled on the right side of the hall, where the imperial family was seated.

There weren't many of them and most of them were elders. As for the prince, there was only one person there and that was Ning Yan.

He stood there cautiously, clearly afraid of his father.

Xu Qing's gaze swept over. The moment he retracted his gaze, he heard the aged voice of the Grand Chancellor.

"Regarding the matter of the Black Spirit Region in the Black Heaven Race, I ask the Governor of Fenghai County, Xu Qing, to provide a detailed report."

Numerous gazes instantly landed on Xu Qing. Xu Qing slowly stood upright up and bowed to the Human Emperor. Under the attention of everyone, he spoke in a deep voice.

"The Black Spirit Region is divided into the north and south, each controlling half. The northern part is controlled by the scattered forces of the Black Heaven Royal Family, and the southern part is led by the Black Heaven Priests."

"The death of Crimson Goddess caused the Black Heaven Priests' status to fall and lose the blessings of the god. Fenghai County has already taken them under our wing and reestablished the temple of faith for them."

At this point, a middle-aged man in a blue court dress suddenly took a step forward and spoke.

"County Governor Xu, may I ask what's the source of Black Heaven Priests' faith in the rebuilt temple?"

The expressions of everyone in the hall fluctuated but it was very light. The matter of the Black Heaven Race's priests believing in Lord Purple and the fact that Lord Purple was related to Xu Qing wasn't a deep secret but some matter were too sensitive and couldn't be mentioned lightly.

Hence, the question itself contained many layers of meaning.

Xu Qing's gaze landed on the middle-aged man, replying calmly.

"You have lost your decorum."

As soon as these utterances were spoken, the middle-aged man glanced at Xu Qing and took a few steps back, returning to his position.

Everyone in the hall had their own thoughts about Xu Qing's answer. They had some guesses about the expert who had guided Xu Qing.

The Grand Chancellor nodded slightly.

"The achievements in governance, the attire of the Heavenly Marquis, and the seat on the first platform are a show of County Governor Xu's accomplishments. Zhao Tianqi, your interruption violates the ancient customs, and is indeed a lack of decorum."

Zhao Tianqi lowered his head and agreed without any change in his expression.

Xu Qing didn't bother with him. He bowed to the Human Emperor and sat down.

While the hall turned quiet, another person walked out from among the officials. This person was also wearing a blue court robe and was in the center of the hall. He first bowed to the Human Emperor before looking at Xu Qing.

"County Governor Xu has already taken his seat. I have an inquiry to make, which does not constitute a lack of decorum. County Governor Xu, how did you come to know about the Sun of Dawn, the highest secret of our human race? How did you obtain it, and how many are there? Furthermore, why did you bring it into the Imperial Capital and the Imperial Palace?"

This topic was equally sensitive. When his voice echoed, it contained some killing intent, causing the surroundings to be filled with a murderous atmosphere. Even the golden-armored guards on both sides turned instinctively vigilant.

Xu Qing didn't stand up. After a few breaths of silence, he calmly spoke.

"There are a total of nine Suns of Dawn given by the Moon Offering Ruler's heir. I used six of them when I assisted in killing Crimson Goddess."

"Why did I bring it to the Imperial City? It's because I'm afraid of death."

The official who asked the question looked at Xu Qing and didn't speak anymore. He then returned to his position.

The Grand Chancellor glanced at that official. The other party's utterances seemed to be making matter difficult for Xu Qing but from another perspective, this also gave Xu Qing a chance to explain.

The significance of this was both good and bad, and differed depending on the individual.

However, it had nothing to do with him. Hence, the Grand Chancellor looked at the Human Emperor.

The Human Emperor was high and mighty and his expression could not be seen clearly. However, he emitted a dangerous aura, causing the atmosphere in the entire hall to become increasingly oppressive. A cold feeling spread in all directions.

Tens of breaths later, the Human Emperor's dignified voice echoed.

"Grand Chancellor, announce the results of the assassination attempt."

The Grand Chancellor lowered his head. He understood that the Human Emperor had chosen not to pursue the matter of Xu Qing's Sun of Dawn. This attitude was also a signal. Everyone in the hall understood.

As for the Grand Chancellor, he lifted his head again. When he looked outside the hall, his stare became cold and his voice contained killing intent.

"Bring the individuals who participated in the assassination up!"































































As the Grand Chancellor's cold voice echoed, sounds rang out from outside the hall.

Shortly after, five guards in golden armor with majestic auras and murderous auras walked over from outside the main hall.

These five people looked young but the smell of blood on their bodies was extremely strong. This was especially so when their auras fused as they entered the hall. Clearly, they were a team.

Each of them was carrying a prisoner. There were men and women among the prisoners, and their expressions were dispirited. Their bodies were covered in injuries, and they looked like they had experienced harsh interrogation and their cultivation bases had been crippled.

These five golden-armored guards quickly arrived in front of the Grand Chancellor. They bowed in unison and pressed the criminal in their hands to the ground.

No matter how those criminals struggled, it was useless. They were each pressed down on their heads by one of the five personal guards, forcing them to kneel heavily.

Xu Qing, who was sitting on the first platform, swept his gaze across the five prisoners and finally looked at the first person on the left.

That person was a middle-aged man. The skin and flesh on his face had been forcefully scraped off. One could see that there was a layer of black paper inside that was somewhat torn. Someone had removed a piece of it, as if to verify it.

When Xu Qing looked over, the middle-aged man barely lifted his head and looked at Xu Qing.

The moment their gazes met, a chill rose in Xu Qing's heart. He recognized that the person who attacked him back then was this person.

That faint feeling and aura couldn't be wrong.

As for the other four, Xu Qing had never seen them before.

"Your Majesty, the matter of the assassination attempt in the Imperial City has been investigated."



The Grand Chancellor cupped his hands at the Human Emperor and pointed at the middle-aged man on his left.

"This person's name is Pyrrhu. He has a half-human, half-demon bloodline and joined the Ghost Fiend Dark Sect when he was young. His talent is not bad but due to his bloodline, he couldn't come into contact with the core teachings. His master intended to observe him, but sixty years ago, this person stole the black paper forbidden scroll and fled, disappearing thereafter."

"In the assassination attempt, it was this person who controlled the black paper forbidden art to attack. After the attempt, he fled the Imperial Capital and was captured by the Sword Holding Palace in the Nine Desolate Plains half a month ago."

"The details of the case have also been clarified."

With that, the Grand Chancellor lowered his head and waited for the Human Emperor to give the judgment.

The main hall was silent. Everyone's gazes landed on the five criminals and also swept past Xu Qing. Everyone had their own thoughts. As for Pyrrhu, he looked at Xu Qing with a regretful expression, as if not being able to eliminate Xu Qing was a stain on his record.

"Slash."

The Human Emperor's voice rang out calmly.

At the next instant, the golden-armored guard behind Pyrrhu raised his blade and slashed across Pyrrhu's neck. His blade wasn't an ordinary treasure and possessed the might of extermination. The moment it slashed past, Pyrrhu's body directly turned into blood and even his soul was slashed.

The head was lifted by the guard to show everyone that this criminal's body and soul had been destroyed. Soon after, the head turned into ashes.

"The second person is called Lin He, codenamed Dark 379. He is currently serving as a Deputy Chief of the Special Command Palace's inspection department. This person has covered up for the assassination attempt and even provided the whereabouts of County Governor Xu."

The Grand Chancellor pointed to the second person on his left. It was an old man. His head was lowered and his expression couldn't be seen clearly. His injuries were extremely serious and many nails were pierced into his body.

"Slash."

The Human Emperor calmly spoke.

In that instant, the guard beside the old man brandished his blade and Lin He's body was destroyed. His head burned and turned into ashes.

"The third person is called Daoist Fire. He is a deacon of the Profound Fire Nine Departures Sect. He was in charge of setting up array formation on the street in the assassination attempt. He used the Extreme Fire Technique to form a Water Fiend Array."

"The fourth person is called Ming Xuanzi. He comes from the Supreme Azure Moon Sect and his status is even higher than the other three. He's an elder of the Supreme Azure Moon Sect. In the case of the assassination attempt, this person used an item to hide the energy fluctuations of the battlefield on the long street. That item is a Heavenly King Token!"

As soon as the Grand Chancellor spoke, the hearts of everyone in the hall fluctuated to varying degrees. Some of them deliberately showed it on their faces, while others buried it in their hearts.

This case involved three super sects, as well as the Upper Mystic Special Command Palace. Moreover, even the Supreme Azure Moon Sect, which was the sect of State Preceptor.

What was even more astonishing was the Heavenly King Token that the Grand Chancellor had mentioned!

This meant that this case involved a Heavenly King.

"Whose token?" The Human Emperor's voice was calm and deep.

 "The late King Tian Lan." The Grand Chancellor lowered his head.

The main hall was silent.

Xu Qing was expressionless. From the start to the end, he didn't say a word. Listening to the Grand Chancellor's words and watching the executions, he was like an outsider.

At that moment, when the hall was silent, his gaze landed on the fifth prisoner.

According to what the Grand Chancellor had said earlier, these people included an assassin, an array formation user, someone who revealed his whereabouts, and a person who hid the energy waves of the battle. However, this was the Imperial City. Although Xu Qing didn't understand the specific function of the Heavenly King Token, it shouldn't be that simple to suppress the energy fluctuations in the Imperial City.

Hence, he wanted to know what this fifth prisoner was in charge of.

Xu Qing observed very carefully. This person was an old woman with gray hair. Although she was covered in injuries, her expression was calm and her eyes seemed to contain endless wisdom. She gave off the feeling that she could see through everything.

When Xu Qing's gaze landed on her, the old woman also looked at him and even smiled.

"This fifth person isn't directly involved but the other four had a secret contact with her before the incident... This person's name is Dao Soul. She came from..."

For the first time, the Grand Chancellor paused. Previously, when he said the Heavenly King Token, his tone was normal. Only now did he hesitate. However, after taking a deep breath, he still spoke.

"Star-Picking Tower!" As soon as these words were spoken, everyone in the hall became solemn.

A long time later, the Human Emperor's voice echoed.

"Slash."

"Understood!" After the three golden-armored guard cultivators replied in a low voice, they each raised their hands. As the blade light flickered, three heads were lifted. The three headless corpses turned into blood and their heads turned into ashes.

After that, the Human Emperor slowly stood up from the dragon throne.

The juncture he stood up, every individual in the hall immediately lowered their heads and stood solemnly.

Those Heavenly Marquises in black court dress also stood up.

Xu Qing was the same. He stood up solemnly and controlled the emotions in his heart, not letting any of them spread on his face.

"Xu Qing from Fenghai County."

The Human Emperor spoke calmly.

Xu Qing took a step forward and turned to face the west. He then bowed.

"You governed Fenghai, managed the Holy Wave, quelled the chaos in the Black Spirit, maintained peace and calm, protected the territory of the Human Clan, and upheld the responsibility of defending the borders. Today, I'll appoint you as the esteemed ruler of the Holy Wave Region and grant the attire of the Heavenly Marquis. After the official appointment from the Imperial Academy, you will be formally installed as the Heavenly Marquis."

The Human Emperor's voice echoed and the world exterior rumbled. Dragons roared and breathed out multicolored light.

There were also large amounts of fortune that gathered in an invisible form from all directions and gushed into the main hall of the palace, enveloping Xu Qing's surroundings. Even the Ancient Sovereign Planet behind the palace churned with clouds at this moment, emitting fortune that headed straight for Xu Qing.

Soon, the fortune beside Xu Qing became extremely dense and his entire body emitted a five-colored light. The black dragon on his robe even rushed out of the court dress and circled around. After swallowing the fortune, it rose into the air and let out a dragon roar.

This was the orthodox conferment of the human race!

This meant that from this moment on, Xu Qing would be protected by the orthodox fortune of the human race.

And this was only the title of the region ruler. According to the meaning of the Human Emperor's words, Xu Qing needed to make a trip to the Imperial Academy. After he studied there, he could be officially conferred the title of Heavenly Marquis.

One could imagine that at that time, the arrival of fortune would be even more astonishing.

Outside the palace, beyond the rainbow bridge, the captain and Zi Xuan were sitting in a pavilion, waiting for Xu Qing. Seeing the auspicious signs in the world, Zi Xuan nodded slightly. However, she still felt that the fortune was too little.

"It's just five-colored. It hasn't reached seven yet and there's no fortune canopy, let alone the phantom of a predecessor… The Human Emperor is a little petty."

However, the captain at the side was about to drool. He gazed at the power of fortune and his heart raced.

"So much fortune… If I swallow it, I'll immediately be able to undo more than three seals. I want to enter the imperial court too!!"

Seeing this auspicious scene, the captain and Zi Xuan weren't the only ones. The entire human race in the Imperial City could see the changes in the world when they lifted their heads. In an instant, an uproar spread out from all directions.

At that moment, in the main hall of the palace, everyone cupped their hands in Xu Qing's direction and congratulated him. Xu Qing's heart also fluctuated greatly. He could sense that the cultivation base in his body was actually circulating faster at this moment.

This level of fortune could enhance his combat strength, causing him to be stronger in the human race's territory than in other places. He could even sense that regardless of whether they were mortals, the more humans there were, the greater the upper limit of this enhancement.

Xu Qing took a deep breath and inclined to the Human Emperor according to etiquette.

Regardless of who was behind the assassination, whether the killing of the people today was an act or if it was really like this would have to be investigated in the future.

The case from that day ended with the conferment from the Human Emperor.

Xu Qing also understood that the conferment from the Human Emperor was a true enhancement to him.

As for the truth, it depended on the individual perspective. Sometimes, it was wiser to leave certain matters untouched rather than delving too deeply into them.

Moreover… Xu Qing could sense that the Human Emperor was playing a big game of chess with someone.

According to what had happened today and the reminder from the clay fox, Xu Qing knew very well that that individual was the State Preceptor who he suspected to be Crown Prince Purple Green!

The mastermind behind his assassination might be the Human Emperor or the State Preceptor. Assassination wasn't the goal. The main point was to place a piece.

'Then, if one side makes a move, according to the chessboard, the other side will also make a move…'

While Xu Qing was pondering, the auspicious signs formed by the fortune in the exterior world calmed down. The Human Emperor's voice rang out again and the palace shook, his voice spreading out to the outside world and echoing throughout the entire Imperial City.

"There's something else that I want to tell my people."

"Heavenly King Dong Ding has achieved a great victory, capturing the Black Heaven Imperial Capital. More than half of the Black Heaven Region's territory has been incorporated into our human territory!"

"On the day I ascended the throne, I promised the Sword-

Holding Emperor that I would make the human race prosper in this life. With the Sun of Dawn, I have fulfilled this promise. The oppression by the Black Heaven Race will soon be eradicated!"

"Today, as we celebrate the expansion of our human territory, I will initiate the Ancient Sovereign's inheritance, allowing our outstanding talents and princes to comprehend the antique Dao!"

"If anyone obtains the sovereign's inheritance, I'll reward them with the dragon medallion!"

The Human Emperor's voice was like heavenly lightning that rumbled in the Imperial City, causing waves that surged into the sky. This caused the hearts of countless human heaven's chosen who heard this to stir.

"The last time the Ancient Sovereign Planet's inheritance was opened was 300 years ago!"

"This time, I must obtain the inheritance!"

Numerous auras instantly rose from all directions.































































This event could be said to be one of the human race's grand ceremonies.

The Ancient Sovereign Planet was rarely opened unless one was paying respects to the ancestors.

This was because every time it was activated and the ancient planet woke up from its slumber, it would consume the fortune of the human race and the foundation of the ancient planet.

After all, that place used to be the location of the Ancient Sovereign's Imperial Palace when he unified Wanggu. Before the fragmented-face arrived, it was pilgrimaged by all races, and even in the murals of many races, it symbolized nothing but divine authority, rightfully earning its status as Wanggu's sacred land.

Even though the Ancient Sovereign Mystic Nether had left with his subordinates, this planet still had a supreme status and extraordinary meaning.

This was because it contained the orthodox inheritance of the 108 Heavenly Marquises who had followed the Ancient Sovereign back then, as well as the Dao of the 33 Heavenly Kings who could intimidate the world.

For example, Li Zihua had left his legacy here.

And what people anticipated the most was the imprint of the nine Great Emperors of the human race inside it.

During the Ancient Sovereign Mystic Nether Era, it was the golden age of the human race and also the peak of the human race's fortune. Therefore, there appeared nine Great Emperors, which was unprecedented.

If any human could obtain a Great Emperor's inheritance, their status and identity would soar to the sky in a single step. Their subsequent cultivation journey would also be extraordinary.

However, it was a pity that the Ancient Sovereign Planet was rarely opened and the duration of each opening was also very short. Hence, until now, there were people who had comprehended the Heavenly Marquises' inheritance, and also few who had comprehended the Heavenly Kings' inheritances.

However, no one had obtained a Great Emperor's mark.



What people obtained mainly were some Dao Arts of cultivators below the Heavenly Marquises, who had died in battle for the human race. Although there was a difference in levels, they were unique.

At that moment, while the various forces in the Imperial City were shaken by the Human Emperor's sudden proclamation and waves rose in their hearts, in the Heavenwatch Pavilion of the Star Emperor Supreme Sect, the imperial son surnamed Peng, who was in the immortal pool hidden paradise of the Mortal World Tower that day, suddenly opened his eyes.

"The Human Emperor opened the ancient planet and let the heaven's chosen of the human race comprehend the ancient Dao!"

His eyes gleamed as he leaped up.

"Since that Ling Yao rejected me many times, so be it, I don't want her Yin essence. In the inheritance of the Ancient Sovereign Planet, as a descendant of the Great Emperor's bloodline, I have a huge advantage. If I can obtain the legacy there and the dragon medallion, I can immediately break through the Spirit Repository and step into the Nihility Realm with the blessing of the fortune. After that, I can stride forward confidently, and even achieving Soul Accumulation is not impossible."

At the same time, in the northwestern part of the Imperial Capital, there was a huge temple. This temple looked ordinary and was filled with the mottled feeling of time.

However, there was another space inside that contained many grotto-heavens. It was vast and endless.

In one of the grotto-heavens, there was a monk-like cultivator sitting cross-legged. This person was a middle-aged man with no hair and his face was covered in a tattoo.

Upon closer inspection, one could see that the tattoo was of the fragmented-face in the sky.

"The Ancient Sovereign Planet has opened. Fen Xing, you can represent my True Words to comprehend the inheritance there."

An ancient voice echoed in the grotto-heaven. The middle-aged man who was sitting cross-legged and cultivating opened his eyes and folded his arms across his chest, bowing his head in acknowledgment. He then rose to his feet and donned a white robe that covered his head before proceeding forward.

His figure blurred with one step, disappeared with two steps, and appeared on the rainbow bridge outside the palace in three steps, waiting silently.

Similar scenes appeared in the ten super sects of the human race. The person who came from the Mortal World Tower was none other than Ling Yao. The other sects also had heaven's chosen who were arranged to participate.

If this was the case for these forces of the world, the orthodox lineage of the human race would naturally be even more active.

In the Upper Mystic Five Palaces, those who were heavily nurtured and had great contributions and met the qualifications appeared one after another. It was the same for the Lower Mystic Five Palaces. There were also descendants of dignitaries from all over.

There were also the princes and princess!

Other than the eldest princess and second princess who were married and not in the Imperial Capital, the Fifth Prince, who was stationed at the border of Flame Moon with the first Heavenly King, and the Crown Prince, who was not favored by the Emperor, along with the voluntarily relinquished Eighth and Ninth Princes, all the other princes had chosen to participate.

Regarding the dragon medallion, the others valued it because it contained the power of fortune that could greatly strengthen their cultivation. As for these princes… they valued the meaning represented by the dragon medallion more than the enhancement it brought.

After all, this was the first time since the Human Emperor Mystic War ascended the throne that he had presented the dragon medallion, representing his imperial status, as a reward.

The meaning contained in this was profound, and those who were qualified to participate in this comprehension weren't stupid, so they all had their own thoughts and plans.

"The Human Emperor is bestowing the dragon medallion… Is it really true? Does the Human Emperor have the intention to choose his successor?""

"Regardless, although this inheritance appears to be open to all talents, in reality, everyone else is just supporting characters. The real protagonists… are those princes."

"Human Emperor wants to see who among his children receives the most recognition from the ancestor!"

 "Of course, if someone stands out from the crowd in this assessment, they will definitely attract the attention of everyone. This is an opportunity!"

Outside the palace, thousands of figures arrived from all directions and gathered on the rainbow bridge.

In the palace, the Human Emperor retracted his gaze and lifted his right hand, waving his sleeve slightly as he walked forward.

"Dear ministers, follow me to see the future pillars of our human race. This era is ours, and the future era is theirs."

The Human Emperor's voice had a rare hint of emotion.

Everyone in the hall smiled and emotions appeared on their faces. They looked like they were enjoying themselves as they followed the Human Emperor out of the hall.

Xu Qing was among them. Ning Yan was deliberately slower and arrived beside Xu Qing.

Xu Qing glanced at Ning Yan and discovered that his expression was a little lonely. He knew that Ning Yan was afraid of the Human Emperor and the scenes that had happened in the palace earlier made Ning Yan nervous.

More importantly, the Human Emperor didn't glance at Ning Yan or question him at all.

This was clearly the main reason for Ning Yan's current mood.

"Relax."

Xu Qing nodded slightly.

Ning Yan heaved a sigh of relief. The feeling Xu Qing gave him was just like his older brother back then. He felt very at ease and moved closer to Xu Qing.

His heart was also filled with bitterness. On one side was his father, and on the other side were his friends. However, his father's coldness was like midwinter.

He was high and mighty and filled with coldness, unable to give him any warmth.

On the contrary, his friends were more close and trusted him.

At that moment, the hundreds of people walking out of the main hall immediately attracted the attention of the heaven's chosen on the rainbow bridge. All of them had solemn expressions as they bowed in unison toward the main hall.

The Human Emperor nodded and lifted his right hand, pushing the sky.

With this push, the sky changed color and the wind surged. The auspicious golden dragons in all directions roared in unison and swept up endless fortune as they rushed toward the huge Ancient Sovereign Planet behind the palace.

Finally, they circled above the Ancient Sovereign Planet. Dragon roars rang out one after another as though they were calling out.

That was the call of fortune and the call of the human race. As for the Ancient Sovereign Planet, the clouds and fog outside flowed faster and faster. A while later, a rumbling sound that split the sky and earth echoed.

The Ancient Sovereign Planet suddenly opened like a huge eye.

At that moment of its unveiling, colors vanished from the sky and earth. Boundless radiance and auspicious signs emanated from the ancient planet, causing the clouds to churn. Figures of ancestral human heroes emerged within the mists of the ancient planet.

Furthermore, massive vortices spun, emitting astonishing suction forces that spread outward.

"The Ancient Sovereign Planet has been awakened. Our race's elites, you only have one day. If you don't comprehend the ancient Dao now, then when will you?!"

The Grand Chancellor, who was standing behind the Human Emperor, shouted at the Rainbow Bridge.

As his voice spread out, thousands of heaven's chosen on the rainbow bridge flew out rapidly. The instant they rose into the air, they were attracted by the suction force emitted by the Ancient Sovereign Planet and headed straight for it like shooting stars.

Soon, thousands of figures appeared outside the Ancient Sovereign Planet. Some sat on the clouds, while others were in the clouds. All of them closed their eyes and began to comprehend.

Among them, the princes and heaven's chosen were mixed together and it was hard to tell who was who.

The opening of the Ancient Sovereign Planet was divided into many levels. Right now, it was only the first level.

At this level, people couldn't step into the mainland of the world and could only comprehend in the clouds outside.

The focus of this comprehension was the various inheritances wandering on the Ancient Sovereign Planet. They existed in different forms. Some were active outside and some were slumbering within the planet.

Hence, this comprehension was actually bidirectional.

Even if the cultivators were outstanding, it depended on which inheritance on the Ancient Sovereign Planet acknowledged them more.

Xu Qing lifted his head and looked at the thousands of figures on the Ancient Sovereign Planet. After that, he looked at Ning Yan beside him.

"You should give it a try too."

Ning Yan hesitated. He looked at Xu Qing and then at the Human Emperor in the distance. He gritted his teeth and leaped up. He was guided in the air and headed straight for the Ancient Sovereign Planet.

Very soon, his figure appeared on a lump of clouds. His expression was solemn and packed with determination as he sat cross-legged with his eyes closed.

The Human Emperor's gaze swept across the Ancient Sovereign Planet, without pausing on anyone, and finally, as he withdrew his gaze, he spoke softly with his back turned to Xu Qing.

"Xu, with your age and cultivation, if you want to participate, you can also go."

Xu Qing figured the time. If it was any other time, he would be willing to take part in this comprehension. After all, it was a chance to comprehend ancient inheritances. If he might obtain them, the benefits would naturally be extremely great.

However, he had something else to do now.

The blood pill he refined for Zi Xuan had been refined for half a month. The day the pill was completed was in the near future. Before the pill was completely refined, he needed to augment the furnace every once in a while to maintain the refinement state of the pill.

'In four hours, I have to go back and augment the pill furnace. Otherwise, all my previous efforts will be in vain…'

At the thought of this, Xu Qing cupped his hands toward the Human Emperor.

"Thank you, Your Majesty. My comprehension ability is ordinary, so I won't waste the fortune of the human race."

The Human Emperor didn't persuade and looked at the guards beside him.

The guards understood and went down to make arrangements. Very soon, tables emerged outside the main hall. The Human Emperor sat down and hundreds of officials sat down one after another.

There were also spiritual fruits and fine wine. The emperor and officials drank together and watched the juniors comprehending on the clouds. The atmosphere was very joyous.

There were also some people who laughed and chatted with each other, commenting on the heaven's chosen of the various sects. Their words were packed with praise.

At Xu Qing's side, an old man in blue court attire cupped his hands and smiled warmly.

"Lord Xu, it's a pity that you didn't take part in the comprehension. This opportunity is very rare."

Xu Qing returned the greeting and spoke politely.

"It's a pity that my aptitude is limited."

The old man was about to continue when the Human Emperor's voice rang out.

"Everyone, today let's speak frankly, regardless of ranks. Which of my princes do you think is additional suitable to be the Crown Prince?"

As soon as the Human Emperor spoke, the place fell silent.

A long time later, the Grand Chancellor spoke softly.

"The State Preceptor observes the astronomical phenomenon and reads the aura of fortune, and should be able to offer insight."

The Human Emperor turned his head slightly and looked at the empty space on his right.

"State Preceptor, what do you think?

As soon as these words were spoken, Xu Qing abruptly lifted his head and looked to the right of the Human Emperor.

As the void fluctuated, a figure was faintly discernible.































































Sometimes, even when one had suspicions or certainties about something deep down, experiencing it firsthand still stirred up waves of emotion in the heart.

The magnitude of these waves depended on the significance of the matter to the individuals involved.

The greater the degree, the more intense the waves would be.

At that moment, on the right of the Human Emperor, in the empty space he was looking at, the void fluctuated and a gentle voice followed.

"Your Majesty already has an answer. How can outsiders give their view? Can I make Your Majesty change your mind?"

As the voice rang out, a back view gradually materialized in the void to the right of the Human Emperor, attracting everyone's attention.

He was clad in a white Daoist robe exuding elegance, with long purple hair giving an otherworldly impression, and his tall statue exuded a commanding presence.

Hearing the voice and looking at the back view, Xu Qing was expressionless. However, his right hand was already clenched tightly with veins bulging on the back.

He didn't need to identify him from the front. This voice and this back view... were enough for him to confirm the other party's identity.

A month ago, with the reminder of the clay fox, he had some guesses about the identity of the State Preceptor. However, when he really saw him, surprise and fluctuations still turned into a storm in his heart.

He didn't know how this person became a State Preceptor and was able to appear here openly.

He also had no idea what kind of connection or deals the other party had with the Human Emperor.

He only knew that the other party was Illuminate. He had killed Lord Sixth and led the change in Fenghai County. There was an irreconcilable enmity between them!



He only knew that the other party... was the crow he had to kill!

However, the current Xu Qing was no longer the same as before. When he saw Crown Prince Purple Green, his emotions didn't collapse. He could already hide his emotions deep in his heart and not reveal them.

Hence, Xu Qing lowered his gaze and exhaled deeply until he heard everyone's voices.

"Greetings, State Preceptor."

Everyone lowered their heads and greeted respectfully.

In the orthodox lineage of the human race, although the State Preceptor didn't have any real power, his status was high, second only to the Human Emperor and the Great Emperor.

At that moment, the Human Emperor looked at everyone greeting the State Preceptor. A faint smile appeared on his face as he looked at the Ancient Sovereign Planet.

As for the State Preceptor who appeared beside him, he turned around, revealing the mask on his face.

It was a white smiling face mask, eerie in appearance, yet when one met his gaze, they would instinctively overlook the mask's presence, for the State Preceptor's eyes, more than anyone else's, held an otherworldly brilliance, captivating all attention.

He faced the officials and nodded. His gaze then landed on everyone one by one. Finally... it landed on Xu Qing.

Xu Qing lifted his head and looked at him.

The State Preceptor laughed.

He had his own pride and his own way of doing things. If it was someone else who was the State Preceptor, they might not reveal their true body for various reasons.

However, he was Crown Prince Purple Green!

He never did things covertly, nor did he let any purpose influence his actions.

So, when he appeared, he raised his hand and removed the mask covering his face, revealing his true visage to the officials.

This was the first time the officials saw his face.

Prior to this, the only person who saw his face was the Human Emperor. As for others, they only saw him in white robe and a white smiling mask.

At that moment, as the mask was removed, the face that was revealed in front of everyone caused everyone's expressions to change and bewilderment to rise in their hearts.

This face was 70% similar to Xu Qing's!

However, it was paler, colder, and more sinister.

However, his resplendent eyes seemed to contain no impurities and were incomparably clear.

 As for the sharply arched eyebrows above his eyes, the thin and pursed lips, and the angular features, all of these made the State Preceptor resemble a celestial white dragon, beautiful yet aloof.

Everyone outside the hall maintained silence, immersed in their own thoughts. This was because the resemblance between the State Preceptor and Xu Qing wasn't just the appearance but also their inner qualities.

Although spells could do this, such a method clearly didn't match the State Preceptor's status.

So... there was only one explanation.

This explanation caused everyone to fall into deep thought. They recalled the assassination attempt in the Imperial Capital, and there were also some who looked at the Human Emperor with obscure thoughts.

As for the State Preceptor, he didn't care about everyone's gazes. At that moment, he looked at Xu Qing and smiled. His eyes were as gentle as ever as he spoke softly.

"Brother, we meet again."

Xu Qing's expression was calm. He looked at the State Preceptor in front of him and didn't speak.

"I did not orchestrate the assassination attempt, nor would I deign to do so."

The State Preceptor said with a smile. After he finished speaking, he turned and sat beside the Human Emperor, looking at the heaven's chosen on Ancient Sovereign Planet with him.

The officials did the same.

Xu Qing's expression was still the same, as though he hadn't seen Purple Green. He sat there and lifted his head to stare at Ning Yan on the Ancient Sovereign Planet, calculating the time when he could leave.

He needed to do this to disperse the storm in his heart.

Outside the hall, it was as quiet as the surface of a calm lake.

However, the hearts of everyone here were filled with waves. If the waves joined, they would probably form huge waves that would drown everything.

Time passed bit by bit amidst the external silence and internal waves. Very soon, two hours passed.

The comprehension of the heaven's chosen on the Ancient Sovereign Planet also changed at this moment.

Among the thousands of cultivators sitting cross-legged outside the Ancient Sovereign Planet that was surrounded by clouds, an auspicious sign appeared on some of them, transforming into various phenomena. There were also multicolored lights shining on some.

That meant that the cultivator had succeeded or was about to succeed. The more auspicious phenomena and multicolored lights there were, the higher the level of comprehension.

However, more people were still comprehending.

However, the cultivators who succeeded didn't comprehend the Heavenly Marquises' inheritances but the inheritances left behind by those heroes below the Heavenly Marquises who had died in battle over the countless years.

There were divine powers and cultivation arts inside. Although they weren't as good as the legacies of Heavenly Marquises, they had their unique aspects. To be able to comprehend them was also an opportunity.

"That's the combined sword technique of Chen Qinghai, commander of ten thousand under the Sword Holding Great Emperor back then. Excellent, excellent. The heaven's chosen sent by the Sword Holding Palace this time is indeed extraordinary, second only to the Heavenly Marquis' inheritance!"

"It's not just Chen Qinghai's Dao that was comprehended. Look over there, the Yin-Yang statue has manifested. This is the Black-and-White Evil Transformation Art that was described in the ancient books. The person who comprehended it looks unfamiliar. From his clothes, he should be a disciple of the Divine Harvest Vast Cosmos Sect."

As they watched, the silence outside the hall was broken. Some officials chatted and laughed among themselves again. Gradually, when there was some excitement, the number of people who succeeded in comprehending increased one after another.

The lights outside the Ancient Sovereign Planet continued to shine and auspicious signs appeared frequently.

The cultivators who succeeded would be sent out of the Ancient Sovereign Planet and appear on the rainbow bridge. Everyone only had one chance to comprehend.

As for Xu Qing, his gaze landed on the location of Ning Yan on the Ancient Sovereign Planet. In two hours, there were no changes to Ning Yan. He seemed to be putting in a lot of effort but it was obviously ineffective.

Xu Qing wasn't in a hurry. Ning Yan's aptitude wasn't bad. Even if he didn't obtain a Heavenly King's inheritance, he would definitely gain something.

With such thoughts in mind, Xu Qing's gaze moved away from Ning Yan and landed on the others, continuing to disperse the storm rising in his heart.

As his gaze swept over, although he didn't know almost all of these heaven's chosen, he could tell who the princes were through their robes. Xu Qing had seen a few of them before.

For example, the third princess.

For example, the Seventh Prince.

This was the first moment Xu Qing had seen the latter after coming to the Imperial City.

The instant he looked at the Seventh Prince, Xu Qing's gaze was cold and focused. After sensing that there were no auspicious signs or multicolored lights on the other party, Xu Qing shifted his gaze away and was about to look at the third princess.

However, at this moment, Xu Qing's heart suddenly stirred. His gaze followed his heart and peered at a cloudy area that no one was in.

The clouds and fog there were relatively thin compared to the other areas. One could even see some mountain terrain on the Ancient Sovereign Planet under the clouds.

What attracted Xu Qing was the mountain range on Ancient Sovereign Planet.

Although the distance was very far and only the first layer of clouds had opened on the Ancient Sovereign Planet, Xu Qing felt a weak fluctuation coming from the mountain range.

This fluctuation was very light. It came from under the mountain and existed in the interior of the Ancient Sovereign Planet. Moreover, it was additional like a summoning.

Xu Qing fell silent. His gaze swept across the surroundings of the thin fog outside the Ancient Sovereign Planet. Although there was no one in the thin fog, there were still cultivators comprehending in the surroundings.

However, it was as though… none of them sensed this summoning. It was as though this summoning had a special meaning.

'What is that… Is it also an inheritance?'

Xu Qing pondered. Looking at the others' gains, he discovered that this so-called inheritance was actually formed by some consciousness that wandered between the clouds.

In comparison, the summoning from the mountain range seemed to be additional like a special aura emitted by a material object.

Just as Xu Qing was pondering, the clouds and fog on Ancient Sovereign Planet suddenly circulated faster. Fog rose and drowned the surroundings, enveloping the figures of all the heaven's chosen. Only one person was revealed and became the center of attention.

This was because this cloud tide was caused by this person. From afar, a huge vortex was spinning in all directions with this person as the center.

There was too an ancient holy statue that carried dignity and holiness. It rose from this person's body and was a hundred thousand feet tall. Golden flames spread out and burned the surroundings.

"Heavenly Marquis Inheritance!"

"This is the dao technique of Heavenly Marquis Flame Spear, ranked tenth among the one hundred and eight Heavenly Marquises."

"The person who comprehended it is… the grandson of the Supreme Commander, Meng Yunbai!"

In the Imperial Capital, the various forces and rogue cultivators were all looking at the Ancient Sovereign Planet from afar. When they saw this scene, their expressions changed.

Even many of the other cultivators on the Ancient Sovereign Planet opened their eyes and peered at Meng Yunbai. Their expressions changed. Some were complicated, some were envious, and some were unwilling.

Outside the palace, the officials smiled. There was admiration in the Human Emperor's eyes.

Only Xu Qing's gaze swept past Meng Yunbai before looking in the direction of that hidden mountain range again.

'The summoning has become even additional intense…'































































Xu Qing fell into deep thought.

He had a feeling that as more and more heaven's chosen of the human race succeeded in comprehending, the summoning from the mountains on the Ancient Sovereign Planet became increasingly intense.

However, he wasn't sure. He could only vaguely sense the clouds and fog rising outside the Ancient Sovereign Planet as well as the auspicious light. It was as though to a certain extent, it could enhance this summoning.

As for the reason, Xu Qing didn't understand it very well, nor did he know what existed in the mountain range.

However, he was certain of one thing.

This item would definitely be astonishing.

Hence, he tried to respond and sense it but it was useless. This didn't have much to do with Xu Qing's location. After all, he didn't need to comprehend it or sit cross-legged in the clouds.

Especially when the place he was at now was also very close to the Ancient Sovereign Planet.

The greatest obstacle affecting the communication was actually the seal on the Ancient Sovereign Planet.

The Human Emperor had only opened the outermost layer of seals on the Ancient Sovereign Planet. Under the layers of seals, the Ancient Sovereign Planet seemed to be enveloped by shells.

These outer shells couldn't isolate the summoning from the Ancient Sovereign Planet's main body but they could isolate Xu Qing's response.

Just as Xu Qing was thinking, he suddenly sensed the summoning intent intensifying again. This caused his eyes to narrow. At the same time, a second vortex appeared on the Ancient Sovereign Planet.

The first cloud and fog vortex came from Meng Yunbai, who had comprehended a Heavenly Marquis inheritance. The core of the second vortex was a bald cultivator in a thick hemp Daoist robe.



This person came from the True Words and his name was Fen Xing.

At this moment, the shadow of a gigantic red scorpion appeared outside his body. It roared at the sky and lifted its tail. As the tail swayed, it created afterimages, a sight both startling and awe-inspiring.

The sound reverberated, shaking the surroundings, accompanied by a menacing aura that seemed to assail from all directions.

Its malevolent body was accompanied by a terrifying aura that was on par with the ancient holy statue that manifested on Meng Yunbai.

In terms of cruelty, it was even more powerful.

At that moment, these two vortices were spinning in two directions on the Ancient Sovereign Planet. Although there was some connection between them, they could be considered clearly separated. As for the other heaven's chosen, their figures were drowned under the churning of these two vortices.

"In about two hours, there were two cultivators who comprehended Heavenly Marquises' inheritances. Looks like the battle with the Black Heaven Race this time has greatly increased the fortune of our human race."

"Unfortunately, this one came from the True Words…"

"The people of the True Words are all strange. They're usually fine and just focus on cultivating, but when it comes to their doctrines, they're even crazier than Litu."

Xu Qing didn't pay attention to the discussions. His attention was all on the summoning from Ancient Sovereign Planet. He also confirmed that as the number of people who had successfully comprehended increased, especially when someone comprehended Heavenly Marquis inheritance, the summoning intensified even more.

'Every time someone successfully comprehends a cultivation art, it's like absorbing wandering consciousness from the Ancient Sovereign Planet. This process will cause the seals on the Ancient Sovereign Planet to loosen a little…'

'This is the reason why the summoning is intensifying.'

Xu Qing understood. His gaze landed on the clouds. He hoped that more people would succeed in comprehending.

At that moment, a familiar voice spread in all directions from beside the Human Emperor and also drifted into Xu Qing's ears.

"Your Majesty, since there are many human heaven's chosen who have succeeded in comprehending in such a short period of time, why don't you open another seal?"

"Although it will shorten the comprehension time, it can increase the success rate of the children."

The person who spoke was the State Preceptor, who was sitting beside the Human Emperor.

As soon as he finished speaking, the gazes of the officials in front of the hall landed on the Human Emperor. With the opening of the Ancient Sovereign Planet, the inheritances that were wandering in the clouds would become more strong with each additional seal. However, the consumption would also be greater.

The Human Emperor slowly turned his head and stared at the State Preceptor.

The State Preceptor smiled.

A while later, the Human Emperor spoke calmly.

"Allowed."

 The instant his words rang out, earth-shattering rumbling echoed on the Ancient Sovereign Planet. The dense fortune of the human race transformed into golden dragons that continued to devour.

Another layer of the seal was opened.

More clouds and fog erupted, and even more resplendent multicolored light spread throughout the entire ancient planet. With the help of the impact caused by the opening of the seal, dozens of people revealed their figures in the fog in the blink of an eye and successfully comprehended cultivation arts.

Among them, two directly comprehended Heavenly Marquis inheritances.

One was the imperial son of the Star Emperor Supreme Sect. A vortex spun around his body and his aura was extraordinary. However, his expression was unwilling. Clearly, he wasn't satisfied with this but he couldn't do anything about it.

As for the other one, it was a prince!

The sixth prince!

Many were surprised that the first prince to successfully comprehend was the sixth prince, as he was known for his debauchery and libertine lifestyle, surrounded by women in his mansion with continuous revelry, appearing to lack any ambition.

To many observers, the sixth prince appeared unconcerned with cultivation or power, wholly dedicated to pleasure-seeking pursuits and romantic dalliances, often engaging in flirtations with the female Heavenly King, Yuelan.

But now, he was the first to succeed.

As for the Heavenly Marquis inheritance he comprehended, it was a little different from others. It was the path of the Flowery Marquis and focused on dual cultivation…

"It's in line with the sixth prince's temperament. Perhaps this is the reason why his comprehension was successful."

Among the people in front of the hall, some laughed and some frowned. As for the Human Emperor, he was expressionless and no one could tell his emotions. The State Preceptor beside him also smiled but didn't say anything.

As for Xu Qing, he didn't pay attention to the sixth prince's success. This was because the moment the second level of the Ancient Sovereign Planet's seal was opened, the summoning from it became even more intense. Moreover, with these two successive Heavenly Marquis inheritance comprehension, the summoning was already extremely astonishing in Xu Qing's perception.

At the same time, he could tell that this summoning was specially targeted toward him, as no one else sensed it.

'What exactly is it…'

Xu Qing silently pondered as time passed.

The activation of the second seal on the Ancient Sovereign Planet caused a continuous stream of successful comprehension. After about fifteen minutes, a scene that caused everyone's eyes to shine appeared.

A vast storm suddenly erupted on the Ancient Sovereign Planet. Its range was so large that it affected the entire planet, suppressing all the Heavenly Marquis vortices.

In the storm, an astonishing figure seemed to have come from ancient times and returned from time. Step by step, it stood in the storm.

That figure was extremely tall. He wore blood-red armor and had long red hair. His entire body emitted an incomparable pressure that shook the entire Imperial City.

"Heavenly King!"

"It's the Night Slaughter King!"

"He followed the Ancient Sovereign Mystic Nether and fought against 137 races. He would slaughter all his enemies in battle. He was conferred the title of Night Slaughter King by the sovereign and took charge of five large regions!"

Everyone in front of the hall was in an uproar. The many people in the Imperial Capital were all shaken.

This was the first time a Heavenly King's inheritance had appeared in a thousand years!

As for the person who comprehended the Heavenly King's inheritance, it wasn't the heaven's chosen of the various sects but the third prince, who was exceptionally talented, well-

versed in the ancient and modern, and serving in the Imperial Academy!

From afar, the third prince in the storm had long hair that fluttered in the wind. He had a delicate appearance but he didn't lack martial valor. His long and narrow eyes flowed with light, adding to his spirit.

His successful comprehension caused the officials in front of the hall to grin and praises rang out. Even the Human Emperor nodded slightly.

Outsiders wouldn't know if these people were praising sincerely or not.

No matter what, the Human Emperor's nod revealed his attitude. To many people, this was a signal.

However, the instant the Third Prince's aura was soaring, the Ancient Sovereign Planet was in an uproar again. In another direction, where the fourth son of the Human Emperor was, a tornado rose in all directions, stirring the wind and clouds, suppressing all the Heavenly Marquis inheritance vortexes and drowning all the cultivators in the surroundings.

It became the second monstrous storm on the Ancient Sovereign Planet.

The figure of an ancient Heavenly King appeared and was walking over step by step. However, before this ancient figure could completely become clear, the fourth prince, who was sitting cross-legged in the storm, opened his eyes and revealed determination. He actually raised his hand and ruthlessly patted his chest.

With this slap, blood spurted out and transformed into a blood umbrella that floated above his head, isolating his comprehension.

At the next instant, the storm stirred. The figure of the Heavenly King who was walking over stopped in his tracks and slowly blurred. Finally, it dissipated with the storm.

This scene caused everyone's eyes to flicker. The third prince, who was in the storm, also gazed at this sight with a gloomy expression.

"He actually gave up on a Heavenly King's inheritance!"

"You only have one chance to comprehend. Once you fuse with an inheritance, you won't be able to comprehend again. The fourth prince cut off the inheritance before the fusion, so he still has a chance."

"Is this dissatisfaction? Looks like his target is a Great Emperor inheritance. If he succeeds, he will be considered heroic; but if he fails, he will be called stupid!"

The fourth prince's actions were the center of attention, and some of the people in front of the hall looked at the State Preceptor.

The fourth prince was the personal disciple of the State Preceptor. When they pondered of the Human Emperor's attitude after the third prince successfully grasped an inheritance, they could find a deeper meaning behind this action.

The atmosphere in front of the hall fluctuated. However, Xu Qing, who was sitting there, didn't pay attention to these. His main focus was still the summoning from the Ancient Sovereign Planet.

However, he still frowned.

Originally, with the fourth prince's comprehension, the fluctuations of this summoning should have intensified greatly. However, as the other party gave up, the summoning intent fell.

Xu Qing's gaze swept past the fourth prince. He instinctively disliked this person but he had to admit that the fourth prince's comprehension ability was indeed astonishing.

After another fifteen minutes, the entire Ancient Sovereign Planet suddenly stirred up an unprecedented vast fluctuation. Golden dragons roared and the power of fortune churned intensely like the sea.

There was also a dazzling multicolored light that erupted from the planet, instantly suppressing the storm of the Heavenly King's inheritance. It also attracted the attention of countless humans in the Imperial City. Even the people in front of the hall stood up with solemn expressions.

"This fluctuation…"

"It surpasses the Heavenly King's inheritance. Could it be…"

The entire palace was silent. All living beings in the Imperial City were also focused. Under the attention of everyone, the fourth prince couldn't hide the excitement on his face. He suddenly lifted his head and looked up.

Above him, the figures of ancestors appeared. There were Heavenly Marquises and Heavenly Kings inside.

These human ancestors emerged with glorious and incomparable aura. What was even more shocking was that they actually bowed to the fourth prince.

This scene caused everyone's minds to explode. This was because according to the ancient books, these scenes represented that a Great Emperor's mark had been successfully comprehended!

This was also the first time something like this had happened since the Human Emperor Mystic War ascended to throne!

As for those figures of the human ancestors, they weren't worshiping the fourth prince but an astonishing mountain that rose on the ground of the Ancient Sovereign Planet behind the fourth prince!

As the mountain rose into the air, it continued to shatter, gradually revealing the sharpness inside it.

It was a sword!

The sword of the Sword Holding Emperor!

Human Emperor Mystic War also stood up with a solemn expression and looked at the Emperor Sword. The officials behind him were all the same. The gazes they used to look at the fourth prince also revealed a bright glint.

The other princes were all shocked.

Such an imposing aura and inheritance completely highlighted the fourth prince.

Just as the fourth prince was about to excitedly receive the Emperor Sword that rose into the air, Xu Qing, who had also stood up in front of the hall, looked at the Emperor Sword and sensed the summoning from it.

Hence… he lifted his hand.

On the Ancient Sovereign Planet, the Emperor Sword suddenly trembled, emitting a piercing sword cry.

After that, it rushed out and passed by the fourth prince.

The fourth prince was stunned. He looked at the Emperor Sword that whistled past him and had no choice but to retreat under the storm fluctuations caused by the sword. However, his gaze instinctively followed and he gazed blankly at the palace…

The Emperor Sword was heading straight for the palace!































































On the Ancient Sovereign Planet, the statues of the ancestors stood tall. The clouds in the surroundings churned and bloomed into fog flowers that rose into canopies.

There was also the illumination of the multicolored light, embellishing the canopies with vibrant colors, as if all auspicious signs had converged.

Golden dragons circled in the air and breathed out fortune, revealing the figures of all the human heaven's chosen who were comprehending in the clouds.

At that moment, these heaven's chosen of the human race all sensed something. They opened their eyes one after another and looked at the rainbow that rushed out of the Ancient Sovereign Planet and whistled through the world, heading straight for the palace.

They were all bewildered.

Ning Yan was among them. His eyes were wide open and his mind was buzzing.

The rainbow they were looking at was none other than the Emperor Sword.

The sword, resembling bronze in hue, was adorned with intricate patterns, exuding profound ancient meanings while also carrying a sense of dominance and supremacy.

All of this happened extremely quickly. It was so fast that before anyone could have time to feel any more emotions, the Emperor Sword that emitted the intent to split the world apart and exuded supreme dignity had already arrived in front of the Emperor's palace!

There, it didn't stop at all and instantly moved toward everyone in front of the hall.

Wherever it passed, the void exploded and even the palace trembled. The ground of the square shattered and horror rose in the hearts of everyone in front of the hall.

The moment the sword arrived, its might towered into the sky and its aura was like a rainbow that could devour mountains and rivers. It swept up the fortune of the human race and contained the vicissitudes of time. It passed by the Human Emperor's side and passed by the right side of the Grand Chancellor, through the crowd and heading straight for… Xu Qing's raised right hand.



In the blink of an eye, the sword paused and appeared above Xu Qing.

The sound of a sword hum echoed in the world, revealing the intent of recognizing its master. This Emperor Sword slowly landed in Xu Qing's hand.

Xu Qing grabbed it.

The moment he touched the sword hilt, lightning rumbled in the sky. The statues of the ancestors in the Ancient Sovereign Planet were guided to finish a ritual. They cupped their hands in unison.

The cultivators in front of the hall were all important officials of the human race. Regardless of temperament or cultivation, they were all dragons among humans. However, at this moment, their hearts were also stirred. They all glanced at Xu Qing and the sword in his hand.

The Bronze Emperor Sword, measuring four feet and seven inches, possessed a sharp edge and emitted a fierce sword aura, capable of cutting through the heavens.

At that moment, it flickered in Xu Qing's hand and sword light filled the sky, causing the weather to change and the sea of clouds to surge. Everyone's attention was attracted to it.

It was as though under this sword light, all divine weapons would lose their light and armies would have to retreat.

Amidst the earth trembling and the sky quaking, intertwined with the sword's radiance, a momentum capable of shattering the ages emerged, as if white light engulfed the sun and moon, and purple qi parted the Big Dipper.

Everyone was shocked.

No matter how thousands of human elites had comprehended, flourished, and stirred hearts on the Ancient Sovereign Planet, it was meaningless now.

Compared to Xu Qing, the difference was obvious. The two sides were not on the same level.

What they comprehended was the inheritance, and what Xu Qing obtained by just waving his hand was the Emperor Sword!

This was especially so when… it was the sword of the Sword Holding Emperor!

Its meaning was extraordinary.

The Sword Holding Emperor had founded the Sword Palace lineage, established the Sword Holding Palace, and safeguarded the human race until now. His sword was capable of cutting down anyone who was an obstacle to the development of the human race, regardless of who they were, even if they were the emperor!

At that moment, after some people recognized the origin of this sword, they immediately thought of the matter of the Great Emperor awakening and summoning Xu Qing when he came to the Imperial City.

It all made sense now.

"The successor of the Sword Palace!"

The officials in front of the hall were all stirred. They looked at Xu Qing and the Emperor Sword. While each had their own thoughts, respect gleamed in their eyes. At present, this respect had nothing to do with Xu Qing; they revered the Emperor Sword.

At that moment, Xu Qing's heart was in turmoil. He held the Emperor Sword in his hand and thought of the words the Sword Holding Emperor had said when he summoned him. Everything… made sense.

However, he wasn't too happy. This was because the moment he obtained this sword, it also meant that his feelings back then were true.

The Great Emperor was about to die.

 He was entrusting him with a heavy responsibility.

And here, perhaps he was not the only one entrusted with a heavy responsibility by the Great Emperor, but this sword was equally weighty.

Xu Qing sighed inwardly. Just as he was about to put away the Emperor Sword that held a mission, the light of this sword erupted again. The sword light flickered, forming a sea of light that drowned Xu Qing's figure. After that, it left his palm and rushed toward his forehead.

In the blink of an eye, the Emperor Sword and the sword light it emitted entered Xu Qing's forehead.

His body trembled. His three divine repositories manifested behind him, emitting a terrifying pressure. At the same time, the fourth secret repository… suddenly appeared!

Although it was only an outline, its appearance caused Xu Qing's cultivation to instantly rise and his aura to increase.

The fourth secret repository was still covered in fog. However, upon closer inspection, one could see the missing Emperor Sword being nurtured inside. Occasionally, it would emit a sharp edge that could shock the heavens and the earth and tear ghosts and gods.

This was an Emperor Sword's secret repository!

The moment it appeared, Xu Qing's three divine repositories all swayed, emitting divine might. The Emperor Sword's secret repository wasn't inferior either and its sword might towered into the sky.

Although it had nothing to do with gods, its terrifying power caused its existence to be as high as the divine repositories.

However, it was currently unable to be used by Xu Qing or controlled.

This was because this sword contained a mission and couldn't be controlled by an individual's will. Rather than saying that Xu Qing had been recognized as its master, it was better to say that he had been chosen by it to carry it.

Carrying the Emperor Sword, he would travel the world.

This sword was waiting. When the time came for it to fulfill its mission, it would fly out of the secret repository and slash down the target.

As the person carrying the sword, under the sword intent emitted by this sword and the gathered fortune, there would be many benefits and his achievements would be extraordinary.

Xu Qing understood as he stared at the Emperor Sword's secret repository.

The sword hum and the secret repository blurred, dissipating together with the three divine repositories.

The world fell silent.

The Human Emperor looked at Xu Qing with a deep gaze and smiled faintly.

"Good."

The expression of the State Preceptor beside him didn't change as he smiled.

Xu Qing also looked at the State Preceptor at this moment. He tried to summon the Emperor Sword inwardly. If it was possible, he wanted to slash out at this moment.

Unfortunately… the Emperor Sword didn't move.

Xu Qing felt regretful.

As the Emperor Sword disappeared, the fluctuations on the Ancient Sovereign Planet dissipated. The ancestors' statues became blurry. In the end, the vortices remained and the third prince's inheritance storm was revealed again.

Everything returned to before the Emperor Sword appeared.

However, most of the human heaven's chosen who were comprehending couldn't help but feel a sense of defeat. Only a few of them could remain calm.

Ning Yan was one of them. Although he was shocked at the start, when he thought about Xu Qing's experiences, he suddenly felt that this was very normal. Hence, he calmed down.

There was also the Third Prince.

He was very happy to see Xu Qing get the Emperor Sword. This was because if the fourth prince successfully comprehended the Great Emperor's inheritance, all the princes would be left behind.

To him, the current situation was the most perfect.

However, to the fourth prince, everything that had happened today caused his emotions to be extremely intense. Usually, when he was outside, he would look gentle and friendly. However, today…

He sat cross-legged in the clouds and looked in the direction of the palace. His expression was gloomy at first.

He knew that his prestige had been seriously trampled on and his actions had become a fool's act now. It would spread like a joke in the Imperial City, and his inheritance had also been taken away by someone in front of everyone, including his master and father.

However, in just a few breaths of time, his expression recovered and he looked gentle again. He even raised his hand and cupped his hands toward the palace to show his respect for the Emperor Sword and congratulate Xu Qing.

This demeanor caused many people to think more highly of him.

However, although the fourth prince revealed gentleness, some people didn't seem to want to let go of this opportunity.

Hence, Xu Qing calculated the time. Just as he was about to leave early with the excuse of comprehending the Emperor Sword, outside the palace gate, on the rainbow bridge, in front of the golden-armored giant cultivators, someone stood there and cupped his fists, bowing to the palace.

"Greetings, Your Majesty!"

"I'm Tuomu Wei. I was born in the Sinking Cloud Region and returned to my human race 60 years ago. Today, witnessing County Governor Xu snatching the fourth prince's inheritance in front of the masses, I feel discontent!"

"I'm a cultivator. If I don't have a clear mind, it'll be difficult for me to advance in cultivation. Moreover, Your Majesty once advocated the people to uphold the martial part of cultivation. Today, this lowly one dares to seek guidance from County Governor Xu."

"Please allow it!"

The person who spoke was a burly man in a rough hemp robe. He had a burly figure and long hair that draped over his shoulders. His expression was arrogant and his eyes were filled with the intent to die.

As his voice spread, the fluctuations of the perfected Spirit Repository spread out from his body.

Five secret repositories appeared behind him. They were all comprehended with body refinement. As he stood there, the qi and blood in his body churned and fused with the secret repositories behind him, forming a blood cloud that spread in all directions.

As soon as he spoke, everyone who was paying attention outside the palace cast sidelong glances at him.

On the Ancient Sovereign Planet, the Fourth Prince suddenly lifted his head, his eyes revealing killing intent. The other party was indeed a member of his residence, but he wasn't the one who instigated his actions.

What the other party did at this moment was extremely disadvantageous to him. Even if anyone with discerning eyes could see the problem, the nature of some things would change after the rumors spread.

This was especially so if he made his father unhappy. Even if he was being wronged, he would still be affected. Hence, the killing intent in the fourth prince's heart suddenly intensified. He suddenly stood up and bowed to the palace before shouting.

"Tuomu Wei, what are your intentions? Step back immediately!"

Tuomu Wei lowered his head.

"Your Highness!"

"I was too abrupt but County Governor Xu's actions are truly vicious and greedy. He doesn't deserve to be conferred a title, let alone possess the Emperor Sword!"

As soon as he said this, the fourth prince's expression became even more shocked and furious. The other party seemed to be lowering his head, but his words remained moreover a weapon. He existed about to reprimand him.

However, at that moment, the Human Emperor's voice rang out calmly.

"The ceremony is in chaos. Kill him."

The Human Emperor's voice rang out. The large swords in the hands of the two golden-armored giant cultivators outside the palace gate shone with a piercing light. The moment the Emperor's voice rang out, the large swords landed.

There remained also spells that descended on Tuomu Wei's entire body. His body trembled and at the next instant… his body existed slashed by the two large swords, falling to the ground in four pieces.

The surroundings remained filled with silence and reverence.

Xu Qing existed calm throughout the whole thing, as though it had nothing to do with him. At that moment, he cupped his hands toward the Human Emperor.

"Your Majesty, this is my first time obtaining the Emperor Sword and my secret repository is unstable. Please allow me to leave early and stabilize my comprehension."

"Granted."

The Human Emperor lifted his head and peered at the ancient planet.

Xu Qing straightened his body. After nodding to every individual in the surroundings, he walked down the steps and walked past the Immortal Receiving Square until he reached the entrance of the palace. He didn't even glance at the corpse on the ground as he walked past.

When the wind blew over, his back view existed calm and composed.































































For Xu Qing, the audience with the Emperor this time came to a conclusion the moment he walked out of the palace gates.

However, the storm in his heart was still erupting. It was as though there was a wild beast hidden in his body, wanting to rush out of the cage of his mind and tear everything apart.

He could only try his best to control himself and try his best to be as calm as he looked on the surface. He lifted his head and smiled at the captain and Zi Xuan who were waiting outside the palace.

The captain's thoughts were clearly attracted by other things and weren't as meticulous as Zi Xuan's.

Zi Xuan only glanced at Xu Qing before leaving with him. As for the captain, he stayed behind and said that he wanted to wait for Ning Yan. However, Xu Qing saw the desire in the captain's eyes when he stared at the Ancient Sovereign Planet and knew that every time the captain did something major, he would need to collect all kinds of materials and information.

This gaze clearly showed that he was gathering information.

Hence, he let the captain stay behind. Xu Qing's gains from this audience were significant: the conferment, the convergence of fortune, the confirmation of the State Preceptor's identity, and acquiring the Emperor Sword.

However, Xu Qing felt that he hadn't done well enough. There were some issues in handling certain matters, and most importantly, he couldn't afford to let his mind stop spinning nor give himself any leisure time at the moment.

Once his thoughts stopped moving, the killing intent towards Crown Prince Purple Green in the depths of his heart would erupt like a flood breaking a dam.

Zi Xuan sharply sensed this. Even though Xu Qing was trying his best to hide it, Zi Xuan could still sense that there was… an extreme storm in Xu Qing's heart.

Hence, she grabbed Xu Qing's hand. Just like how Xu Qing had grabbed her hand in the Immortal Forbidden, she sent him her warmth.

"Let's go home."



In the moment when their eyes met, a gust of wind lifted their hair. Xu Qing remained silent for a few breaths, walking alongside as he softly recounted the details and process of his audience with the emperor to Zi Xuan.

Zi Xuan listened attentively all the way until they returned to Ning Yan's residence. In front of the lake, she spoke softly.

"The way you handled yourself when you saw Crow was already very good."

"I agree with your guess. It's impossible for the Human Emperor not to know Crow's identity. There must be a deal between them."

"The fact that the Emperor Sword remained unmoved by Crow doesn't signify much. This sword is selfless, how can it be used for personal reasons? It's more about sensing the changes in the fate of the human race and intervening during the critical moment to stop the disaster."

"Your shortcomings in this audience with the Human Emperor are all small flaws."

"The Human Emperor should be playing chess with Crow. Each of us will place a piece."

"As for your killing intent toward Crow, before you have the ability to kill him, protecting yourself and holding back your killing intent should be your focus."

"Our stay in the Imperial City is destined to be full of twists and turns. But, Qing, you must know, you are not alone. Whatever happens… I am with you."

"I will join you when the time to kill Crow comes!"

The surface of the lake rippled and the fish jumped, splashing into the water, forming ripples that swayed in the lake and also in the sea of their hearts.

Xu Qing looked at Zi Xuan and nodded.

"Alright, I know you came back early because you were worried about the pill refinement. Let's go take a look at your pill furnace." A gentle smile appeared on Zi Xuan's face. When the sunlight landed on her snow-white skin, it was as though it had transformed into a heavenly veil, complementing her beautiful figure like a blooming orchid.

It was peerlessly beautiful.

Xu Qing's heartbeat involuntarily sped up. He allowed Zi Xuan to hold his hand and lead him to the alchemy room.

Looking at the pill furnace that was being heated in the pill room and sensing that the medicinal pill inside was undamaged, the last stone in Xu Qing's heart was also put down.

As time passed, dusk arrived, and on this day, the sky was adorned with crimson hues.

The comprehension time on the Ancient Sovereign Planet was originally an entire day. However, because the second seal was opened, this time was shortened. Hence, it ended at dusk.

The news of the subsequent successful comprehension quickly spread.

After Xu Qing left, three more inheritors who had comprehended Heavenly Marquis inheritances appeared. In fact, someone else also obtained a Heavenly King's inheritance.

It was the Tenth Prince!

This matter caused quite a commotion.

As for Ning Yan… he gained nothing.

 However, when he returned, Ning Yan didn't reveal any dejected expression. Instead, he held his head high and puffed out his chest. Clearly, Xu Qing's matter made him feel honored.

However, there was still some disappointment hidden in the depths of his eyes.

Proving himself in front of his father was something he had always yearned for.

Xu Qing had something on his mind and couldn't comfort him.

That night, many people in the residence couldn't sleep.

Xu Qing and Zi Xuan were refining the pill. The medicinal pill that Zi Xuan needed had reached the final moment. If it was successful, it would form in a night at most.

The captain was in deep thought. From time to time, he would take out a jade slip to record things. He even drew many patterns and began to study the Ancient Sovereign Planet he had seen today.

To him, this was a very rare thing. Previously, every time he did something big, although he would collect information, he rarely made any plans. It was fine as long as he forced past the obstacles.

However, this time was different. After all… he had died on the Ancient Sovereign Planet because of failure many times in the past.

As for Ning Yan, he spent the night in the ancestral hall. He sat there cross-legged and looked at his mother's portrait. In a soft voice, he recounted the events after his mother's departure, with every sentence devoid of the term 'missing,' yet they were imbued with longing.

Kong Xianglong was also silent. He had heard about Xu Qing's matter today and seen it from afar. While he blessed him inwardly, he also made a goal for himself.

He couldn't allow himself to be left too far behind.

Only the carefree Wu Jianwu lay there that night, too lazy to cultivate, and slept soundly.

The night passed in silence.

When the sun rose into the sky and a new day arrived, everyone's thoughts disappeared with the departure of the night. Ning Yan was in high spirits as he walked out of the ancestral hall and began to cultivate.

The captain beamed with joy and ran out to continue observing.

Xu Qing also welcomed the completion of the pill. As the pill furnace was opened, a blood-colored pill with golden patterns floated in front of him and Zi Xuan.

Zi Xuan took a deep breath and her eyes were filled with anticipation. She lifted her jade-like hand and waved it, taking out a compass.

She had forged this compass during this period of time and it could help her enhance her sensing. After she took it out, the blood pill floated down and landed in the central slot of the compass.

The moment it was embedded, the blood pill shone and the compass trembled violently as it began to move. Zi Xuan was also extremely solemn. She sat down cross-legged and pressed her hands on the compass, spreading out her sensing power.

In an instant, her perception was enhanced on a large scale. Everything in the world disappeared in her mind. Only the fated lantern… became clearer.

Xu Qing also sat down cross-legged. While protecting Zi Xuan, he was thinking about what to do next.

'Helping Zi Xuan find that lantern is one of the goals.'

'Also… I'll make a trip to Imperial Academy.'

Imperial Academy was the highest institution of learning for the human race. During the days Xu Qing had been in the Imperial City, he had heard about it more than once. Regardless of whether it was the princes or the officials, they all had the experience of learning from Imperial Academy.

In fact, many heaven chosen of super sects wanted to have the qualifications to study at the Imperial Academy.

To a certain extent, it was just like a sect. It was a sect established by the orthodox human race. There was no family status there, and all cultivation arts and knowledge could be learned.

"On the way here, the third princess mentioned the Imperial Academy. She said that it emphasizes schools of thoughts… There are thousands of different schools, each with its own doctrine, system, and understanding of the world and cultivation."

"Use different methods and explore different directions to find the most suitable path for the human race's cultivation to rise."

"There is no barrier to enter any school of thought. As long as one has the qualifications to study in the Imperial Academy, they can join any school they want. This is for better exploration and learning, regardless of one's background."

"This is because the Imperial Academy is located in a special space. Those who enter there will wear the Imperial Academy Daoist robe and mask that can hide all their auras. It is also forbidden to reveal one's identity. Only at the instant of graduation can they reveal their true self.'

"Therefore, if one has the ability in Imperial Academy, they can also create their own school of thought. The prerequisite is that they can attract students and make them acknowledge their ideals…"

"After the Human Emperor Mystic War ascended the throne, he went against everyone's wishes and established the Imperial Academy. Over the years, it has produced countless techniques and nurtured many outstanding individuals."

"That place is the place where the human race's ideology is revived, where diverse opinions flourish, and everyone can expound their own beliefs…"

The third princess' words appeared in Xu Qing's mind. Coupled with the audience with the Human Emperor, he couldn't understand this Human Emperor Mystic War.

"The clay fox mentioned that the Human Emperor is doing something major. What exactly is it…"

Xu Qing pondered. At the same time, another thought rose in his mind.

"Also, is what the clay fox mentioned necessarily true… After all, She is the god of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race."

While Xu Qing was pondering, his expression suddenly changed. He lifted his head and looked at Zi Xuan in front of him. Zi Xuan's eyes also opened at that moment, revealing a hint of confusion. After a long time, she spoke softly.

"Qing, I think I've found that lantern."

…

Ancient Sovereign Planet.

After the seal was opened and the comprehension of the inheritance ended, the clouds and fog there spread out again, covering everything. It became like before, flowing slowly.

Below the clouds and fog, in the interior of the Ancient Sovereign Planet, land masses floated one after another. They moved with the fog and drifted around the planet.

In the depths of the core, between the clouds, there was a palace that couldn't be seen clearly. It was enveloped by fog and was faintly discernible.

Only the vast pentagonal altar above it held thin clouds…

On the altar, five huge golden coffins would be seen placed on various corners. Every coffin emitted a terrifying imperial qi that contained supreme might.

Moreover, they each held shrines standing on them.

There were no statues enshrined in the shrine, only spirit tablets.

They were respectively written as the Eastern Triumph, Holy Sky, Mirror Cloud, Dao World…

As well as the last one, Mystic War.

This scene was like a heaven-shattering and earth-shattering mysterious ritual.

And in the center of these five coffins, there was an ancient lantern.

This lantern was completely made of purple stone, like a blooming redbud. On it rested a purple phoenix. Its wings were spread out and it was lifelike.































































"In the palace of the Ancient Sovereign Mystic Nether."

"It's also the current ancestral worship site of the human race."

"I sense that the lantern… is there, in the depths of the Ancient Sovereign Planet."

In Ning Yan's Residence, outside the alchemy room, Zi Xuan stood by the railing and looked up at the Ancient Sovereign Planet in the distant sky.

At that moment, as the sun set, casting a yellowish hue over the land, the fog around the ancient imperial star moved, tinting the twilight with its colors, forming auroras. Numerous golden dragons could be seen moving within, swallowing and exhaling fortune, emanating a sense of sanctity, imbued with mystery.

'I tried to summon it but I failed. There's an unshakable restriction at the location of the lantern, firmly sealing it…'

'If I want to obtain it, I have to enter the Ancient Sovereign Planet."

'However, I sensed that some of the seals on the Ancient Sovereign Planet were augmented by the later generations. If I forcefully step in, it will definitely cause a huge commotion.'

'Therefore, if I want to retrieve that lantern without attracting attention, I need a proper way to step into the ancient planet.'

Zi Xuan frowned. It was very difficult for such an opportunity to exist. Most importantly, why did that lantern… appear on the Ancient Sovereign Planet?

However, Zi Xuan didn't say this to Xu Qing as she didn't want him to be distracted.

Xu Qing fell silent. His gaze followed Zi Xuan as he looked at the Ancient Sovereign Planet and fell into deep thought.

The location Zi Xuan sensed was extremely guarded. The outcome was unpredictable.

That place was too sensitive and was covered in layers of seals.



He couldn't go.

To be precise, in the entire human race, there was only one person who was qualified to step onto the interior of the Ancient Sovereign Planet.

That was the Human Emperor.

Only he could open the seals.

A look of contemplation appeared in Xu Qing's eyes. He had also thought of what Zi Xuan didn't say.

Back then, that lantern had been taken away and placed on the Ancient Sovereign Planet. This matter itself was weird. Looking at it from another angle, there might be many options for those who could take away the lantern.

However, after obtaining the lantern, the only person who could place it on the Ancient Sovereign Planet was the Human Emperor.

The Human Emperor might have taken the lantern or not. However, he must have… placed it on the Ancient Sovereign Planet.

Therefore, it was clearly unrealistic for the Human Emperor to give him the opportunity to retrieve the lantern.

A while later, Xu Qing suddenly spoke.

"There's one more person who can step onto the Ancient Sovereign Planet."

Zi Xuan retracted her gaze and looked at Xu Qing.

"The third princess said on the way that other than the Human Emperor, there's also the crown prince who can participate in the ancestral worship."

"However, the human race hasn't appointed a crown prince yet."

"If we have the crown prince and the crown prince is willing to help, we will have a chance to step onto the mainland of the Ancient Sovereign Planet."

Xu Qing calmly spoke and retracted his gaze from the ancient planet.

Zi Xuan smiled. She turned her head to look at the ancestral hall where Ning Yan was and spoke softly.

"I also have an idea. I need some preparation. Perhaps we can step onto the Ancient Sovereign Planet without causing any fluctuations."

"As for your way, I think it'll be a little difficult if it's Ning Yan. However, this kid's quality isn't bad."

At that moment, after Ning Yan finished his day of cultivation, he sat cross-legged in the ancestral hall again. After resting for a while, determination appeared in his eyes as he continued to cultivate in front of his mother's portrait.

To him, the comprehension on the Ancient Sovereign Planet was a bone-chilling experience.

 This was because his brothers and sister had basically gained something. Although not everyone was able to get Heavenly Marquis inheritances, they had gained some insights. Only he had gained nothing.

On the surface, he didn't care about this matter, but in his heart, he was a little unwilling.

Just like that, seven days passed.

The matter of retrieving the purple lantern wasn't something that could be completed in a short period of time. Xu Qing had told the captain about this. After all, according to his understanding of the captain, the captain had long had designs on Ancient Sovereign Planet.

The truth was indeed so. The captain revealed intense enthusiasm for this. He patted his chest and told Xu Qing that he would definitely think of a way to settle this major matter.

As for Zi Xuan, she prepared according to her idea. As for Ning Yan, the seriousness of his cultivation exceeded the past. He meditated in the ancestral hall almost every day.

As for the entire Imperial City, after the comprehension on the Ancient Sovereign Planet ended, it slowly returned to calm. On the surface, everything fell like a tide and peace was restored.

The war with the Black Heaven Race was also progressing smoothly.

The participation of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race didn't cause as much obstruction to the human race as they imagined. They appeared to merely express an attitude, wanting to observe how the human race would react.

As for the specifics and how the Human Emperor would deal with it, Xu Qing didn't know.

At that moment, after he finished everything he was doing and stabilized the Emperor Sword secret repository, he chose to head to Imperial Academy.

Since he had come to the human capital and had the qualifications to enter the Imperial Academy, Xu Qing wanted to see how much knowledge the human race, which was founded by the Human Emperor Mystic War, possessed.

Xu Qing had always respected knowledge.

He knew that compared to the entire human race, the knowledge he had was just a drop in the ocean. He yearned to obtain more understanding and wanted to see the schools of thoughts where countless thoughts of the human race collided.

Hence, on this morning, Xu Qing arrived at the Imperial Academy, which was located in the northern part of the Imperial City.

The area of the Imperial Academy was vast, resembling a small city. Its buildings consisted of white towers, giving off a neat and orderly appearance, with few figures seen moving around.

In front of it, there stood two statues, one old and one young, one tall and one short. The old man wore a scholarly robe while the youth was dressed in coarse linen.

The old man, weathered and wise, cupped his hands.

The youth, spirited and reverent, bowed deeply.

They exchanged bows in mutual respect.

It symbolized the orderliness of respecting seniority and passing on knowledge, hence the youth bowed while the elder cupped his hands. This gesture signified mutual respect and equality, transcending any distinctions of status or lineage, promoting an environment free from prejudice and hierarchy.

There was also a layer of blessing signified by this.

These two statues were personally set up by the Human Emperor as the gate to the Imperial Academy.

Waves of light flashed between them, forming a gate.

Compared to the quiet white towers at the back, there were people entering and exiting the gate at all times. It was very lively. There were nobles who came and went, and there were those with ordinary status as well.

However, the moment they stepped through the gate, their statuses would be equal.

They were all students.

However, rules were only rules after all. There were naturally people who intentionally revealed their identities. But overall, the environment of Imperial Academy roughly maintained its original intention because of the existence of the Human Emperor Mystic War.

Xu Qing felt this change as soon as he stepped through the gate.

Inside the gates of the Imperial Academy, it was not like the vast expanse of white towers as seen from outside, but rather a separate space, much larger in scope than the outside, resembling a city.

The style of the buildings was the same as seen from the outside. There were white towers of varying heights everywhere.

It was as if the Imperial Academy outside was a microcosm of the true Imperial Academy.

Here, there are many students, all dressed uniformly in coarse linen robes similar to the young figure depicted in the statues, walking among the white towers.

They also had masks on their faces and even their voices would change. It was hard to tell if they were men or women.

All of this occurred the moment one entered the Imperial Academy, influenced by the rules of this place. The atmosphere was likewise affected, and one's arrival location seemed to shift as if through teleportation, never remaining fixed.

Hence, in theory, their true identities couldn't be discovered.

The place Xu Qing appeared at was the southwest side of Imperial Academy. As he walked in the Imperial Academy, he looked at the endless stream of people in the surroundings. Some of these people were in groups of three to five and were discussing intensely as they walked.

Some were alone and their footsteps were hurried.

There were also some who sat cross-legged on empty grounds, as though they were in deep thought.

There were all kinds of them.

The white towers erected in Imperial Academy were the buildings of the schools of thought of Imperial Academy. The taller the tower, the more recognition and the members the corresponding school of thought had garnered.

Some towers had many students entering and exiting, and were extremely lively.

There were also towers that those who passed by directly ignored.

There were even some enthusiastic students moving around and introducing their schools of thoughts.

"This student, come and take a look at our Soul Forging School. The art of Soul Forging emphasizes the liberation of the soul. Our physical bodies are merely vessels, but by cultivating the soul to its utmost, we can truly transcend and achieve harmony with the Heavenly Dao."

"Among the many schools of thoughts in the entire Imperial Academy, the Celestial Humanity School is one of the most profound. There are three stages: Mortal, Earth, and Heaven. In our Celestial Humanity School, one can ascend from mortal to earth, and ascend to heaven from earth, transcending all things in nature, and achieving enlightenment."

"As the ancient saying goes, there are 3,000 paths to the Dao, with no distinction of strength or weakness. Although plants and vegetation are unorthodox, they can still pluck the stars. Welcome to our Verdant Path School!"

As Xu Qing moved forward, countless similar voices rang out in his ears. Some even stopped him and enthusiastically introduced their schools of thoughts.

There were even some schools that had differences in ideals and debated among themselves.

Xu Qing wasn't used to it at first as he had never seen such things. He also tried to enter some white towers. Although he didn't choose to join, all the knowledge inside those white towers was freely accessible.

It was like a library, allowing Xu Qing to inspect it and discuss it with others.

Xu Qing was moved to observe this.

In the Verdant Path School, not only did he observe the knowledge he had learned in the past, but he also gained some unique insights.

Also, the cultivation ideas provided by the Soul Forging School made Xu Qing ponder.

There had been also an unique school of thought called the Taming School. This school wasn't about taming beasts, but fortune, the fortune of nonhuman races.

All of this caused Xu Qing to feel deep interest and respect for this Imperial Academy.

Regardless of whether this knowledge could withstand the test of time, in this environment, the thoughts and inspirations that the human race came into contact with could be said to be a revival.

As he moved forward and understood, Xu Qing also saw the largest school of thought in Imperial Academy.

Divine Fusion School.

Almost 30% of the students joined this school.

What this school emphasized was to modify one's body and transplant the flesh and blood of divine creatures into one's body, allowing one to slowly adapt until they could control them.

In the end, when the entire body had been replaced with divine flesh and blood, it would truly possess the abilities of divine creatures. The anomalous substances… were no longer harmful but would turn into useful energy like spirit qi.

The ultimate goal of this school had been to fuse with gods.

Merge the flesh and blood of a god and eventually become a god.

The head of this school had been a middle-aged man with a remarkable demeanor, dressed differently from the students in a scholarly robe.

Although he had been wearing a mask and his appearance couldn't be seen, his scholarly aura was very obvious.

When Xu Qing had been paying attention in front of the white tower of this school, this school head happened to walk out. His calm gaze swept past the crowd.

Xu Qing stopped in his tracks.

The other party's temperament reminded him of someone.































































Bai Xiaozhuo.

Purple Green Kingdom's original Fenghai County Governor.

Back when the Purple Green Kingdom was destroyed, he sacrificed the lives of an entire county to make the fragmented-face open Its eyes. This act allowed him to revive just before Crown Prince Purple Green's reincarnation, allowing him to continue his loyalty.

Later on, in front of the Ancient Spirit Emperor, he was about to be devoured. However, Crown Prince Purple Green arrived and took away Bai Xiaozhuo's time from the Ancient Spirit Emperor.

Xu Qing's gaze lowered slightly.

Since the matter of Crown Prince Purple Green being the State Preceptor had already appeared, it didn't seem impossible for Bai Xiaozhuo to revive and become a school head of the Imperial Academy's Divine Fusion School.

Although this connection was a little far-fetched and Xu Qing wasn't sure if his guess was correct…

The divine fusion technique reminded Xu Qing of the Shengyun father and son.

As for the specific truth, Xu Qing was only a newcomer and didn't have any other information to make a deeper judgment. Hence, Xu Qing calmly turned and left, walking into the crowd of students.

The same uniform, the same mask, and the change in his aura caused him to quickly disappear in the sea of people.

The school head of the Divine Fusion School stopped in his tracks and turned his head slightly to look at the crowd outside. A hint of contemplation appeared in the depths of his eyes.

He sensed a gaze that was different from others just now. However, the special structure of the Imperial Academy isolated everything and he couldn't sense the specific person.

Hence, after some thought, he kept this matter in his heart and walked to the top of the white tower.



As for Xu Qing, after he left the white tower of the Divine Fusion School, he continued to observe in the Imperial Academy. This was his habit.

While observing, he also stepped into different white towers many times to browse the information inside.

The more he observed the system here, the more Xu Qing respected this Imperial Academy.

There was too much knowledge here which would be very hard to obtain or steal in the outside world.

But here, there was no sect system. Any knowledge could be obtained easily. In fact, Xu Qing even saw some secret techniques of some sects in Fenghai County in a white tower called the Myriad Arts School.

There was also a school of thought that studied Taboo magic treasures, focusing on the method of crafting magic treasures in batches through the power of gods.

Despite the immense difficulty in the process, it must be said that their ideas are quite innovative.

"Magic treasures are formed from peculiar changes after being invaded by anomalous substances. They are a rare event, so there aren't many of them. However, through our school's research, we have discovered that this process can be artificially arranged!"

Xu Qing's interest was piqued. He took a look and fell into deep thought.

Time slowly passed as Xu Qing continued to study various information. Soon, it was late at night.

Although there were still people in the Imperial Academy, they were clearly much fewer than during the day. Xu Qing visited dozens of schools of thought today, and was satisfied.

He felt that he had gained a lot today and his knowledge had increased greatly.

"This is a good place!"

Before he left, Xu Qing glanced at the countless white towers in the Imperial Academy and determination appeared in his eyes. He decided he would visit all these white towers in the coming days.

Just like that, half a month passed in the blink of an eye.

In this half a month, Xu Qing was completely immersed in studying. Every day, other than returning to the residence to cultivate at night, he spent all his time and energy in the Imperial Academy..

Among the thousands of schools of thought, he had already visited more than a thousand.

He was like a sponge that had been thrown into the sea, continuously absorbing all kinds of knowledge.

As he studied, his mindset and perspectives on cultivation arts underwent fundamental changes. In the sparks generated from the collision of human ideologies, he began to develop new ideas about his path of cultivation.

This was information that would be impossible to obtain in Fenghai County.

Even if someone told him, without contemplation, exploration, and the collision of ideas, it would still be difficult for him to integrate them into his mind and spirit.

The most important thing was that he needed to accumulate enough knowledge to have a comprehensive grasp of all the cultivation arts that the human race had developed after the Ancient Sovereign Mystic Nether left.

 Only then could he be said to be standing on the shoulders of giants, gazing into the distant road, and leaping in thought.

"It seems that the vast majority of schools of thought are pursuing a… path of breakthrough!"

At that moment, Xu Qing was in the white tower of the Myriad Arts School. He held a jade slip that introduced ancient cultivation arts and revealed a contemplative expression. At the same time, a voice rang out from behind him.

"Xuan Leizi, we meet again."

Xu Qing turned his head and looked at a student walking over from behind.

Although this place concealed the aura, the frequent encounters among people within the academy allowed cultivators to remember traces, thereby developing a sense of recognition for new identities.

This was the case for the person who walked over.

"Senior Brother Chenyun," Xu Qing greeted politely.

The person who came was the first friend he got to know in the Myriad Arts School. In the past half a month, he had come here many times, and the two of them had gradually started talking, from mere nods at the beginning to full-fledged conversations now. It could be said that this friend was the person with whom Xu Qing conversed the most in the academy.

The two of them had exchanged their respective names. However, they knew that this was just a code name in Imperial Academy.

"Are you looking at the ancient arts?" Chenyun walked up to Xu Qing and glanced at the jade slip in Xu Qing's hand before smiling.

Xu Qing nodded.

"I've been thinking, it seems like many schools are contemplating breakthroughs and changes."

"Your words hit the nail on the head. In fact, that's precisely why the Imperial Academy was established against all odds by the Emperor." Chenyun had long noticed that the young man before him, Xuan Leizi, was a newcomer to the academy.

Although such people didn't appear every day, there were dozens of them every month. As for their identities, there was no need to investigate.

"The cultivation path of the human race has actually been broken. It can even be said that the cultivation path of all races has been broken the moment the god's fragmented-face arrived."

Chenyun's voice carried a hint of emotion.

"What's broken is the method to reach the Ruler realm."

"Because the Heavenly Dao were affected, anomalous substances appeared in the world. To mortals, it's like poison. To low-level cultivators, it's a fate worse than death. To high-

level cultivators, it's a path cut off."

"Unless you possess an ancient bloodline; if so, you can forcefully continue forward and break through the Soul Accumulation realm to reach the Ruler realm."

"However, that's also the limit."

"It's impossible to break through to the Great Emperor Realm."

"Therefore, the various sects gathered the wisdom of generations and wanted to combine it with the current state to create a path that could lead to the Ruler realm. Those with ambitions are even trying to make a theoretical path to the Great Emperor realm."

"The Divine Fusion School is the representative of it. Many people have seen hope in its doctrine. This is also the reason why although this school has only been established for a short period of time, it is now the number one school in Imperial Academy."

"But I don't agree with them."

Chenyun shook his head.

"What was the ancient path in the past?" Xu Qing asked. He hadn't seen any similar books in the Myriad Arts Tower.

"Summer Immortal."

Chenyun glanced at Xu Qing. After some thought, he continued.

"The ancient path isn't advocated in the Myriad Arts School, so if you want to understand it, you can make a trip to the Variant Immortal School. That school… was the number one school when Imperial Academy was first established. However, later on, because its ideals were unrealistic, it slowly became desolate."

Xu Qing nodded when he heard this. He cupped his hands and bade farewell, preparing to find the Variant Immortal School.

After he left, in the white tower of the Myriad Arts School, a student who was familiar with Chenyun stepped forward curiously. He gazed at Xu Qing's departing back and spoke in a low voice.

"Senior Brother Chenyun, what's the background of this Xuan Leizi? I think you've talked to him more than usual."

A soft laugh rang out from under Chenyun's mask as he patted the shoulder of the student beside him.

"There should be a big shot among the students who came during this period of time. Regardless of whether it's him or not, it's always right to befriend people."

The student beside Chenyun fell into deep thought.

At that moment, as Xu Qing searched for the Variant Immortal School, he was also pondering about Chenyun's words. As for why the other party told himself so many things, in reality, after Chenyun took the initiative to greet him for the third time, he had made a judgment in his heart.

After all, everyone in the Imperial Capital knew that he had obtained the qualifications to enter the Imperial Academy. Anyone who was thoughtful could guess that he would come to Imperial Academy during this period of time.

"He seems like a thoughtful and prudent person, and his status should be quite significant."

Xu Qing turned his head and glanced at the white structure of the Myriad Arts School before walking into the crowd. Two hours later, he saw a white tower to the east of the Imperial Academy.

From the outside, this tower was no different from the other white towers. However, the emptiness in the surroundings seemed very bleak compared to the liveliness in other places. Even the tower gazed dilapidated.

Xu Qing's gaze swept over in surprise. This could be considered the most down-and-out school he had seen in this half a month. When he entered the white tower, he only saw three students sitting there lazily.

They didn't even glance at him.

In the Variant Immortal School's white tower, although there were many jade slips, they were very scattered. There were even some that were piled up in a corner.

Even the school head was present.

One had to know that unless one encountered the school heads by chance, they rarely saw them. They all lived at the top of the white structure but here…

The school head in the scholarly robe was squatting in front of a pile of jade slips and flipping through them. It was unknown what he was looking for.

Xu Qing silently wandered in and surveyed his surroundings. He couldn't help but ask.

"May I ask if there's any records about the ancient path's Summer Immortal?"

"What's the use of looking at that thing? Leave quickly. We're not used to having another person suddenly."

An impatient voice rang out from the middle of the three lazy students.

Xu Qing frowned. When his gaze swept over, a jade slip was thrown over by the school head who was searching for something.

"There's no introduction about the Summer Immortal here, only some speculations from later generations. If you want to take a look, go ahead, but leave quickly. This old man is also not used to having a new person around."

Xu Qing caught it and didn't say anything as he focused on checking.

This jade slip indeed didn't introduce the Summer Immortal. The guesses of the later generations about the Summer Immortal were also very general. Only one thing was relatively clear.

"The thought of the Summer Immortal can transform into an immortal body."

"This is a theory. The route to immortality has been cut off and the orthodox method can't be continued. After the ruler, there will be no more Quasi-Immortals. However, unorthodox ways might not be impossible."

"I have a plan: refining the soul into threads, weaving a divine body in the sea of consciousness, controlling it with the soul, and relying on the thoughts as the foundation. When the divine body takes shape, it may possess the power of reference from the same source."

"The existence of the mind and spirit can also serve as nourishment and lead to a return to immortality!"

"If this succeeds, although I won't be a Quasi Immortal, I will be a Variant Immortal!"































































This was the idea of the Variant Immortal School!

A sharp glint flashed in Xu Qing's eyes. There wasn't much content in this jade slip but every word was like a gem, concisely expressing the system of the Variant Immortal School.

Although the specific method wasn't described in the jade slip, Xu Qing could tell a thing or two from the generalization of these words.

'This method is similar to the Divine Fusion School, but one is storing the divine and the other is fusing with the divine. The former involves maintaining the intact human body, outlining the divine in the sea of consciousness, aiming to break through using the method of storing the divine, and achieve the status of a Variant Immortal.'

'The latter involves gradually abandoning the human body, replacing it with a divine body, and ultimately becoming purely divine, becoming a human god.'

'This train of thought… is indeed stunning. No wonder Chenyun said that the Variant Immortal School was once the number one school in Imperial Academy.'

Xu Qing pondered and looked at the empty surroundings. He understood that there should be a fatal flaw in this method. This flaw was the reason why the Variant Immortal School had declined.

'The requirement for its cultivation is probably extremely high!'

'Moreover, refining the soul into threads to weave a god or a divine creature will definitely pose a huge risk. Its cultivation speed is probably not fast either.'

'That's why Chenyun said that this idea is unrealistic.'

"Perhaps no one has succeeded before?"

After Xu Qing analyzed the situation, he looked at the school head who was rummaging through the pile of jade slips and asked his question.

"Who said that no one has succeeded before?" The voice of the school head was filled with dissatisfaction.



"8,000 years ago, Li Xuanfeng of the Variant Immortal School successfully weaved an earth child in his sea of consciousness and revealed it to the outside world. His combat strength increased to an astonishing extent."

The tone of the school head was filled with pride. However, as soon as he finished speaking, one of the three lazy disciples sitting at the door spoke faintly.

"True, Ancestor Li Xuanfeng cultivated for a full thousand years, almost reaching the end of his lifespan before he managed to weave a divine creature of Spirit Repository Realm with his soul. It's indeed quite impressive."

The school head glared.

"Although it's a little slow, after Ancestor Li Xuanfeng succeeded, he became very powerful with the help of the divine storage technique in his sea of consciousness!"

"That's right, that's right. After that, he was beaten to death by a nonhuman race's Spirit Repository who had only cultivated for 500 years." Among the three disciples, another sighed.

The school head's eyes widened even more, revealing dissatisfaction.

"Also, 5,000 years ago, our school's ancestor, Chen Daoze, succeeded as well. With a thought, the divine creature stored in his sea of consciousness covered his entire body, shaking heaven and earth."

"Yes, yes, yes. After that, Ancestor Chen Dao couldn't turn back… The specimen is still under the white tower. Teacher, the Divine Fusion School wants to buy it. Why don't we sell it?" The person in the middle of the three sighed and persuaded.

"Don't mention the Divine Fusion Style to me. What kind of concept is that? It's a mess. Does a monkey become a human after wearing human clothes?!"

The school head flicked his sleeve, his words revealing intense disdain for the Divine Fusion School.

The three disciples each sighed. One of them looked at Xu Qing and sighed with emotion.

"Student, I advise you to leave quickly. The three of us cannot escape. We were foolish back then, thinking that a declining place must have treasures, trying to reap the benefits without putting in the effort… But we didn't expect to be fooled by this old guy, who said that only core disciples could learn. So, we ended up signing a lifelong contract."

"We can't leave. We can only stay here."

"You shouldn't be from the Imperial City, right? So, you don't know the details of this place. I advise you not to be rash."

When the school head heard this, it was unknown if there was a change in his masked face. He habitually snorted and squatted down, continuing to search for things in the pile of jade slips.

The entire white tower fell silent.

Xu Qing hesitated. He looked at the three disciples and then at the school head before bidding farewell and leaving.

After walking some distance away, Xu Qing turned his head and looked at the white tower of the Variant Immortal School.

It was located in the east, which held quite a significant meaning within the Imperial Academy. This area was bustling with activity, one could imagine that this tower was also extremely lively in the past, with many students coming and going.

However, now, it was empty, the glory of the past was only in the past. Very few people asked about it now.

From their attitudes, the three students were telling the truth. They had indeed been tricked into joining the place and were resentful because of it. The sect head probably felt guilty, so he could only habitually snort to preserve his last bit of dignity as the head of the Variant Immortal School.

 "I wonder what kind of state the two successful ancestors they mentioned were in when they created a divine image in their sea of consciousness and reflected it outside?"

Xu Qing pondered and walked into the crowd, disappearing.

Time flowed by and another half a month passed.

Xu Qing had basically visited all the schools in the Imperial Academy and his accumulation of knowledge was also increasing day by day. However, these were all generalities. His time and energy caused him to be unable to gain a microscopic understanding of every school.

In the end, he didn't choose to join any school.

The main factor influencing his decision was that he kept on thinking of Summer Immortal.

These two words seemed to possess a strange power, causing his mind to constantly linger around them.

At the root of it all, Xu Qing knew it stemmed from the sentence his master uttered to him after refining the iron rod.

'It was forged by me using the Summer Immortal's method recorded in the ancient books. Hence, I call it an immortal artifact!'

At this moment, with the moon shining faintly in the sky, Xu Qing sat cross-legged in the courtyard of Ning Yan's residence, gazing at the bright moon in the clear sky. Scenes of his encounters with his master flashed through his mind from the moment they met until now.

"At that time, when Master said the term 'Summer Immortal', I didn't understand and thought that it was just a theory of forging magic artifacts."

"However, after I arrived at the Imperial Capital, my conversation with the third princess caused me to have some doubts. This lasted until my experience in the past month in the Imperial Academy, especially when I visited the Variant Immortal School…"

When the moonlight landed on Xu Qing's body, it was as though a layer of veil was draped over him, causing his entire body to emit moonlight. However, when this light spread out ten feet, it turned purple.

"Why does Master know the Summer Immortal's method… and is proficient in it?" "His words seemed to have planted a thought in me. It is like a seed that started to sprout as I understood the situation in the Imperial City."

Xu Qing lowered his head and took out the iron rod, placing it in front of him as he stared at it carefully.

As time passed by, an hour later, the sound of footsteps accompanied by a melody drifted in from outside the mansion.

The captain was swaying as he entered.

He was clearly in a very good mood and had drunk alcohol. At that moment, he walked under the moonlight and passed by the courtyard. When he saw Xu Qing, he grinned.

"Little Qing, how is your study going on in the Imperial Academy? I feel like I haven't seen you for some time."

"Let me tell you, I've discovered a good place recently. You know about the Mortal World Tower, right?" As he spoke, the captain, who reeked of alcohol, walked to Xu Qing's side and patted Xu Qing's shoulder.

"The Mortal World Tower is not bad."

Xu Qing lifted his head and looked at the captain.

"I've been there before. When I departed that place, I encountered an assassination attempt. I told you about it."

The captain blinked and laughed.

"That's right. I have been investigating your assassination attempt."

After saying that, the captain took out a flask of wine and passed it to Xu Qing.

In order not to disturb Eldest Senior Brother's elegance, Xu Qing didn't inform him about the clay fox.

He took the wine flask and took a sip, feeling a little dizzy immediately after.

This was the Mortal World Tower's Drunken Immortal.

"Is there something on your mind?" The captain took the flask and took a sip. He then looked at Xu Qing and asked curiously.

Xu Qing pondered about it and spoke softly.

"Senior Brother, Master… what's his background?"

As soon as Xu Qing finished speaking, the captain's hand that was holding the wine flask paused. After he put it down, he gazed into Xu Qing's eyes.

Their eyes met. Sensing Xu Qing's serious expression, the captain smiled.

"The old man's background is very mysterious. Look at the disciples he took in."

"I am the number one heaven's chosen of the Wanggu Continent!"

Xu Qing blinked and nodded seriously in agreement.

The captain was satisfied and continued to speak.

"You are the second heaven's chosen of the Wanggu Continent!"

"Old Second, hehe, her marriage fate is extraordinary. You should have guessed it too, right? I had some doubts before and made sure to verify it when I returned to Fenghai County."

"And that scoundrel, our third brother. Let me inform you, he may appear insignificant now, but trust me, he's full of schemes and harbors quite a few secrets. I suspect… he's somehow connected to the Ghost Emperor!"

"As for the Ghost Emperor, no one knows his race and origins, but his weapon has the Divine Realm's mark on it. He has killed cultivators of the Divine Realm before."

"Tell me, how could such a great expert back then have no background? However, it just so happens that this is the case. So, I have a bold guess that he might have come from…"

As the captain spoke, he lifted his hand and pointed at the sky.

Xu Qing's pupils contracted. In the sky, other than the god's fragmented-face, there were other things in the starry sky further away.

"Holy land!"

The captain burped and smiled.

"This is my guess. Also, regarding Master, let me inform you a secret."

"Once, in a past life, I encountered someone who seemed very familiar to the old man. It wasn't just a resemblance in appearance, but rather an inexplicable feeling…"

When Xu Qing heard this, his gaze froze.

"Moreover, when I first became his disciple in this life, I also recalled that I seemed to have seen him more than once. However, many of my memories have been lost."

The captain shook his head and stood up, stretching his back.

"Little Qing, don't think too much. You should learn from me, be happy. If you can manage to be happy every day, that's the highest state of being alive."

After saying that, the captain swayed as he trekked toward the house. After taking seven to eight steps, he stopped in his tracks and stood under the moonlight with his back facing Xu Qing.

"Little Qing, do you still recall what I uttered to you when you became Master's disciple in the Seven Blood Eyes?"

"Bow once to the ancient sovereign, three times to heaven and earth, and nine times to the master."

"Ancient Sovereign Mystic Nether started a great undertaking, so we need to bow once to him."

"Heaven and earth bear the weight of history, so we need to bow three times to them."

"However, the high and mighty ancient sovereign hasn't graced you. The sea of bitterness of all living beings in heaven and earth didn't spare you. Only a teacher can take you to the sky and tread on the ground. He shall grace you in this life and help you to cross into the next. He will do his best to walk the Great Dao together with you, so you need to bow nine times to him!"

Under the moonlight, in the courtyard, the captain's voice contained the feeling of time, echoing throughout this life.

"In this life, not only are we traveling together, but our master is also traveling together with us!"































































'Eldest Senior Brother has experienced many lives and reincarnated many times. He's mysterious and unfathomable.'

'Second Senior Sister must have something extraordinary about her to receive the love of the Flame Phoenix.'

'Third Senior Brother… is related to the Ghost Emperor. He might be from the holy land.'

'Then, what's so special about me?'

Xu Qing fell silent. He didn't feel that he was any different from others, other than… his relationship with Crow.

Also, during the battle with the Crimson Goddess back then, he didn't know if the scene he saw in the purple crystal was real or fake.

In the scene he saw, he had died. This was different from what he had experienced.

"Have I really died once?"

Under the moonlight, Xu Qing mumbled softly. His voice blended into the night and seemed to draw ripples in the night sky.

It was unknown if the clouds sensed it or not, but they moved with the wind and permeated the night sky, gradually becoming denser. Thunder rolled in late, giving birth to silent flashes of lightning that flickered faintly within.

Soon, the late thunder arrived.



A rumbling sound exploded in the entire Imperial Capital. The heavy rain poured down the entire night. Even when dawn broke, the sky remained gloomy, casting a haze that seemed to induce a sense of lethargy in people.

In the afternoon, the rain fell again.

On this day, Xu Qing didn't go to the Imperial Academy. He had visited almost all the schools there. What he had to do now was to make a choice.

In addition, there was another reason. He had an appointment today.

The person who invited him was the third princess.

If it was someone else, Xu Qing could refuse. However, the kindness the third princess had expressed on the way made it difficult for Xu Qing to reject her. His personality was like this.

Hence, even with the heavy rain today, at dusk, Xu Qing stepped out of the mansion with an oil-paper umbrella in hand.

While cultivators could use their cultivation to create a barrier to block the falling raindrops, since he was among the mortals, there was no need to stand out unnecessarily.

This was a part of mental cultivation and was also the comprehension Xu Qing had obtained in the Mental State School in Imperial Academy.

At this moment, he was walking on the streets of the Imperial Capital at a leisurely pace, looking at the people moving around. As he pondered over the schools of thought, he made his way to the agreed meeting place.

Raindrops fell on the oil-paper umbrella, making a pitter-patter sound, then forming rain lines along the edge of the umbrella, flowing towards the ground. The wind caused it to tilt intermittently.

In the end, they turned into raindrops, falling to the earth together with their companions.

"The raindrop is a raindrop, the raindrop is not a raindrop, yet the raindrop remains a raindrop."

Xu Qing looked at the sky. The waves in his heart caused by his master's background and his eldest senior brother's words gradually calmed down.

"The beauty of this world lies in its unknown."

"As for whether I really died once, that's not important. What's important is that I'm still alive."

"It would be even better if I could live a little better."

Xu Qing muttered softly. This was his dream when he was in the slums when he was young and it hadn't changed.

Survive.

Only by surviving could he lift the curtain that covered his eyes and see the truth. Only then could he… travel with his master, his eldest senior brother, and his fellow disciples… in this world.

Xu Qing took a deep breath and gradually walked away. When the sky grew darker, he arrived at the southwestern part of the Imperial City.

There was a phoenix palace there.

The similar building caught Xu Qing's attention for a while.

This was the third princess' residence outside the palace.

 He wasn't the only one invited today. There were also some outstanding people from the Grand Imperial Capital Region, including her close friends and some talented people.

Xu Qing knew that this was the third princess' way of expressing her goodwill. She wanted to introduce more people to him.

Although he wasn't good at socializing, Xu Qing chose to accept kindness. The moment he stepped into the third princess' residence, a loud thunder suddenly rang out from the sky.

The sound of thunder was so loud that it shook the world. It was as though a giant god was roaring in the sky, causing countless raindrops to explode and turn into fog.

The thoughts of all living beings fluctuated in this sudden huge thunder.

Xu Qing frowned and stopped in his tracks. He then lifted his head and looked at the pitch-black sky.

The lightning naturally couldn't shock him. However, the uneasiness in his heart was very intense the moment the thunder rang out.

That was the Heavenly Dao's warning.

One had to know that even during the assassination attempt, there was no warning from the Heavenly Dao. However, now, this warning formed waves in his heart.

"What major thing is going to happen…"

Xu Qing had some thoughts in his mind as he walked into the third princess' residence.

At the same time, in the north of the Imperial Capital, there was a mysterious cluster of black towers arranged in a crisscross formation.

The outer towers were the tallest, while those in the center were the shortest. It was surrounded by strict defenses, with patrols constantly active. There were also astonishing array formations here, making it the most closely watched location in the Imperial Capital.

This place was the Creation Palace of the Upper Mystic Five Palaces that specialized in studying immortal arts and gods. It was also the place where the Sun of Dawn was developed.

To the human race, this palace was of great importance. Hence, other than the higher-ups of the Creation Palace, the Human Emperor also appointed his ninth son to take up a post in the Creation Manor.

When the Ninth Prince took his post in the Creation Palace, he had sworn that he wouldn't participate in the battle for the throne. He also wouldn't side with anyone.

Hence, he didn't participate in the comprehension on the Ancient Sovereign Planet.

To him, studying immortal arts and gods was his greatest pursuit. He also didn't let the Human Emperor down and contributed to the development of the Sun of Dawn.

Usually, unless summoned by the Human Emperor, he would not go out. However, today… when the thunder rumbled in the sky and the heavy rain fell, he staggered out of the inner tower.

His expression was filled with panic and horror. His body trembled as he allowed the rain to drench his entire body. He then let out a heart-rending cry in all directions.

"As the ninth son of the Human Emperor and the department head of the Creation Palace, I order the immediate closure of the entire Creation Palace. No one is allowed to leave. Violators will be executed without exception!"

His voice echoed. Accompanied by thunder, the Imperial City's array formation transformed into a seal and descended here. This sudden scene also aroused the suspicion of the cultivators in the Creation Palace.

However, the Ninth Prince didn't pay attention to these. He took out a jade slip and immediately transmitted his voice. After that, his eyes turned red as he guarded this place, waiting for… the Human Emperor to arrive.

At the same time, the higher-ups of the Creation Palace also appeared one after another. All of them had ashen expressions and their expressions were extremely ugly. They remained silent in the rain.

At the same time, in the third princess' residence, in the phoenix palace, singing and dancing continued. The third royalty sat at the head of the table and invited Xu Qing to sit beside her. As for the others, they sat in two rows.

There were tens of people, men and women. They were either descendants of influential people or heaven's chosen elites. Meng Yunbai was among them and was chatting happily with others.

Because each of them was invited by the third princess after careful consideration, it was basically impossible for anything unpleasant to happen at the banquet. They were mostly kind and respectful to Xu Qing.

After all, although Xu Qing was a cultivator of this generation like them, his identity was special, especially since he had obtained the Emperor Sword. Hence, even though Xu Qing was not adept at socializing, getting along with them was still very easy.

After three rounds of drinking, as the atmosphere became lively, the topic slowly shifted to Imperial Academy under the guidance of the third princess.

"Everyone has heard, right? The Imperial Academy's Divine Fusion School has sent out a notice that the core disciple trial will begin in half a month. This time, they will choose 100 people to become core disciples."

"Speaking of the Divine Fusion School, we cannot overlook its leader, but unfortunately, this person's identity is mysterious and never revealed… However, it is spoken that almost eighty percent of his body has completed the divine fusion, and he usually relies on magic treasures to conceal it."

"As for his combat strength, it's also astonishing. I heard that he used only one hand to suppress a first stage Nihility divine creature."

"Such a heaven's chosen and so low-key. He might be even more extraordinary in the future."

Everyone sighed with emotion. During this time, they also mentioned other schools, such as the Spirit Forging School, the Myriad Arts School, the Mental State School, and the Treasure School. Every time they talked about the heads of these schools, everyone would praise them with envy.

At the same time, they also discussed their guesses about the true identities of these school heads. There were all kinds of guesses. There was even a guess that a certain school head was a prince.

Clearly, the influence of the large schools of thought in Imperial Academy was no longer limited to Imperial Academy itself. It could already influence the external world and the degree of attention they received was extremely high.

"It's a pity that divine fusion has become the main doctrine in the Imperial Academy now. The other schools are all left behind, so it's difficult for there to be intense competition between the schools. I've read about it in the books of Imperial Academy. Ever since Imperial Academy was established, there have been four major competitions between schools. Every time, it attracted the attention of the entire Imperial City."

Some people sighed and the others nodded. The topic also spread more. There were even people who talked about the Variant Immortal School.

"Compared to these schools, I'm actually more interested in the Variant Immortal School. However, it's a pity that this institution is now deserted and has declined."

"At the end of the day, it's because the cultivation method of this institution is difficult and the requirement for aptitude is too high. That's not even the main issue. The most important thing is that they haven't produced anyone who has truly reached mastery of the cultivation idea."

'The person who mentioned the Variant Immortal School was a youth named Mu Nan.

His expression was elegant and his smile was gentle. Previously, when Xu Qing arrived, the third royalty had introduced him as someone from the main sect of the Litu in the human race. At this moment, his tone was filled with emotion as he continued to speak.

"There were only two ancestors who made some accomplishments in the cultivation method. One was beaten to death and the other couldn't return after transforming. He seems to be worshiped but he is no different from a specimen. Due to the passage of time, very few people have seen him, so there are no anecdotes."

"However, there is a recording in our sect that has the scene of the soul weaving state of Chen Daoze."

After saying that, he glanced at Xu Qing unintentionally.

Xu Qing looked at him. His expression was as calm as ever as he calmly spoke.

"Fellow Daoist Mu Nan, can I take a look at this recording?"

When Mu Nan heard this, he smiled happily.

"This is a secret of our sect. If it were others, I wouldn't share it, but since Lord Xu wants to see it, I am happy to show it."

As he spoke, Mu Nan took out a jade slip and gently sent it to Xu Qing.

Xu Qing grabbed it and focused his attention. A scene instantly appeared in his mind. In that scene, there was a middle-aged cultivator in a Daoist robe. With a wave of his hand, a large amount of anomalous substances spread out from his back and fused into his body. His body instantly changed, transforming from a human form to a malevolent divine creature.

Upon seeing this scene, Xu Qing's expression was normal but there were waves in his heart.

This was because this was very similar to his divine form!

Just as Xu Qing's heart was fluctuating, waves of bell chimes suddenly echoed in the entire Imperial City. The sound was heavy and surpassed thunder. Moreover, the bell rang nine times.

Everyone at the feast was first stunned before their expressions changed in unison. Some even stood up.

"Nine rings of the emperor bell, what happened?!"

Xu Qing's expression was also solemn. The uneasiness from the Heavenly Dao's warning earlier was becoming increasingly intense at this moment. At the same time, outside the third princess' hall, an astonishing whistling sound rang out.

At the next instant, a team of golden-armored castle guards rushed over and appeared at the banquet.

A murderous intent filled the banquet. While everyone was bewildered, the cold gaze of the golden-armored cultivator at the front landed on Xu Qing. He bowed and straightened his body as he coldly spoke.

"The emperor has summoned Lord Xu to enter the castle immediately!"































































The hall instantly fell silent.

Numerous gazes landed on Xu Qing in unison. Princess Anhai's expression also changed.

The fact that the Imperial Capital's bell rang nine times meant that something major with serious consequences had happened. At such a time, the Emperor's personal guards actually came to summon Xu Qing into the palace immediately.

It looked like an invitation, but from the solemnity of these golden-armored guards, one could clearly sense a murderous intent.

Most importantly, if Xu Qing was drawn into this vortex, looking at it from an extreme viewpoint, even a slight lack of caution could spell a great disaster.

Even though Xu Qing's background was astonishing, with control over a region and a half, if the matter involved concerned the lifeline of the human race, then in the Human Emperor's eyes, there was no need to question which was more important.

Hence, Princess Anhai's expression changed. At first, she hesitated, but very soon, determination appeared in her eyes. She stood up and spoke with a cold expression.

"Impudent!"

Even when Princess Anhai spoke, those golden-armored guards remained unmoved. They continued to look at Xu Qing but one of them took a step forward and bowed to Princess Anhai.

"Your Highness, this is the Emperor's order."

"What happened that requires Lord Xu to enter the palace now?" Princess Anhai frowned and looked at the guard who spoke. She wanted to help Xu Qing find out the reason. This was the only thing she could do for Xu Qing.

If they knew the reason in advance, it would be easier for Xu Qing to make subsequent arrangements and deal with it.

The guard hesitated and looked around. He then looked at the stern expression on Princess Anhai's face and took a few steps forward to transmit his voice.

This sentence that outsiders couldn't hear caused Princess Anhai's body to tremble and her breathing to become hurried. Her expression changed drastically again. After that, she looked at Xu Qing with a complicated expression and fell silent.



Xu Qing looked at all of this and wondered what went wrong. Although he couldn't figure it out, his expression didn't change at all. He calmly stood up and walked forward, arriving among the group of golden-armored guards.

The golden-armored guards, dispersed in front and behind Xu Qing, seemed to be escorting him, but there was also an implication of custody, as they led the way towards the palace gates.

The moment they were about to step out of the hall, Princess Anhai gritted her teeth and her lips moved slightly as she transmitted her voice to Xu Qing.

"The guard just told me that he doesn't know much either, only that… the Creation Palace is sealed off, suspected theft!"

Xu Qing stopped in his tracks and turned to cup his hands. After that, he walked out of the hall and headed toward the palace.

The heavy rain continued and thunder rumbled occasionally in the sky. Under normal circumstances, few people would be out at this time and in this weather. However, it was different tonight.

Xu Qing saw a large number of guards moving around on this rainy night. Their destinations were scattered, so it was very difficult for ordinary people to guess what was happening. However, Xu Qing had experience in the Homicide Department and gradually saw some clues.

"They seem to be spreading out for lockdown."

"Sealing off the imperial city?"

Xu Qing fell silent and recalled Princess Anhai's voice transmission. As he pondered over this matter, the first person he thought of was his eldest senior brother.

After all, with his understanding of Erniu, the possibility of the other party stealing something from the Creation Palace wasn't small. Although it was irrational to do this, if the captain did it, he wouldn't leave behind traces that would lead back to him.

Hence, after this thought appeared in Xu Qing's mind, he eliminated it.

"Then, after excluding this, what was stolen from the Creation Palace that would make the Human Emperor summon me immediately?"

Xu Qing pondered. He thought of the Sun of Dawn. This was the only thing on his body that had some connection with the Creation Palace in the eyes of others.

After all, he also had the Sun of Dawn.

However, he had already explained this matter clearly in the palace previously, so it shouldn't be the reason.

"Then, are the people around me involved?"

Anything could have happened. Xu Qing fell silent. Before he had more clues, he couldn't find an accurate answer.

As Xu Qing pondered, the journey rapidly shortened. Very soon, as bolts of lightning slid down, the group arrived at the rainbow bridge. The distant imperial palace suddenly became clear under the light of lightning.

Xu Qing's eyes narrowed. He saw another group of golden-armored guards escorting a person into the palace.

It was Ning Yan.

 The answer was clear. Ning Yan was involved in the theft that happened in the Creation Palace. Moreover, the item lost should be extremely important. The possibility of it being the Sun of Dawn was the greatest.

However, if that was the case, there were many things wrong with this.

Firstly, Xu Qing knew that Ning Yan had been cultivating during this period of time.

Secondly, with Ning Yan's cultivation, how could he have done such a major thing and not flee after the incident?

Finally, if the Sun of Dawn was really stolen, this matter would be even more absurd.

The Sun of Dawn was an important treasure of the human race. How could it be stolen so easily? It would definitely be heavily protected, and there's no need to store it in the Creation Palace.

These thoughts appeared in Xu Qing's mind. His gaze turned gloomy as he walked toward the palace until he arrived at the Immortal Receiving Square in front of the main building.

The surroundings of the square were filled with golden-armored cultivators. Their killing intent was intense, causing the overall atmosphere to be extremely oppressive.

There was also the rumbling of thunder in the sky. The feeling of suppression from the fusion of heavenly might and human might caused the rain to tremble when it fell.

Ning Yan trembled as well.

At this moment, he was pressed down on the shoulders by two golden-armored guards, kneeling on the square, letting the rain fall and soak his whole body.

He was nervous and his eyes were filled with confusion. He didn't know what had happened. He had been cultivating in the ancestral hall when the palace guards broke in and forcefully brought him here.

He wasn't the only one kneeling there. There were many others as well.

They were all cultivators from the Creation Palace and there were about dozens of them.

One of them was none other than the Ninth Prince. He was also pressed to his knees by two golden-armored guards. At this moment, his head was lowered and he had a bitter expression.

The moment Xu Qing arrived and walked through the gate of the palace, the gazes of the guards in the surroundings converged on him as he was led to the people who were being pressed down.

Upon seeing Xu Qing, hope rose in Ning Yan's heart. At the same time, he was also shocked and his nervousness was incomparably intense.

Xu Qing looked at Ning Yan and nodded slightly. He didn't speak and stood at the side.

The golden-armored guards behind him were about to press his shoulders when Xu Qing turned his head and calmly glanced at them.

Under his gaze, the two guards fell silent. In the end, they bowed and retreated.

Hence, Xu Qing became the only person standing in this group of people. The rain didn't land on his body and dissipated above his head.

Time slowly passed and the thunder grew louder and louder.

From time to time, figures would rush over from outside and enter the palace building in front of them. The palace was brightly lit and there seemed to be some kind of discussion being held.

The array formation of the Imperial City had long been activated in all directions, enveloping the entire Imperial City and completely sealing it off. One could only enter and not leave.

Xu Qing closed his eyes and his thoughts spun, confirming his guess.

When the sky was about to turn bright, an aged figure proceeded out of the main hall of the palace. It was the Grand Chancellor.

He stood in front of the palace hall and looked at the square below. His gaze swept past the people kneeling. After a long time, his aged voice echoed.

"Tonight, the Creation Palace was robbed. A Sun of Dawn that was placed in a specific array formation in the Creation Palace, for research and to enhance power of the formation, has gone missing."

"All of you are suspects in the preliminary investigation."

"Especially the twelfth prince."

The Grand Chancellor's voice echoed. His last sentence was extremely stern. The moment it rang out, lightning exploded, causing the surroundings to rumble.

Ning Yan's entire body trembled. He lifted his head with a look of disbelief.

"Impossible. I've never been to the Creation Palace. I…"

Just as he was about to speak, a cold snort rang out from the palace.

This voice surpassed thunder and shook the square, causing everyone's hearts to tremble. That was the voice of the Human Emperor.

"Grand Chancellor, show the evidence to this unfilial son!"

When the Grand Chancellor heard this, he lifted his right hand and waved it. A jade slip floated to the air, shining with resplendent light, forming a scene.

In the scene, there was a secret place. It was a little blurry and distorted. Only the back view of the figure was very clear.

That back view was similar to Ning Yan's. Just as the scene was about to end and the figure was about to dissipate, he paused slightly and turned around, revealing the side of his face.

It was exactly the same as Ning Yan!

After that, the scene disappeared. As the Grand Chancellor performed a series of hand seals, an aura manifested in the scene.

This aura also belonged to Ning Yan.

"This is a scene recorded when the Heavenly King cast a spell and reversed the time of the Creation Palace."

"As for the aura, it was extracted from the Creation Palace by the Imperial City's array formation."

"The whole process was done under the eyes of the emperor."

With that, the Grand Chancellor lowered his head and the Human Emperor's cold voice rang out from the palace.

"Unfilial son, what else do you have to say?"

Ning Yan was at a loss as he had no idea about this. However, that face and aura pointed all the spearheads at him.

At that moment, in the distant horizon, the sun rose. Although dark clouds filled the air and the heavy rain continued, the light of the rising sun was still released with all its might, scattering its light on the human world and the Immortal Receiving Square.

Amidst the dense fog, a large bell appeared out of thin air and hung in the air above the square.

It was the Immortal Inquisition Bell.

Under the Immortal Inquisition Bell, Ning Yan wanted to say something, but the evidence was like a mountain and he had no way to defend himself. He could only laugh bitterly.

Xu Qing raised his head and looked at the palace. He had seen the scene earlier but it was too fishy. He didn't believe that the Human Emperor would neglect this. Hence, he took a few steps forward and stood beside Ning Yan, wanting to speak.

Ning Yan grabbed the corner of Xu Qing's shirt and slowly raised his head. His expression was a little distorted and his eyes contained disappointment in the Human Emperor and anger over this absurd matter. He gazed at the palace and let out a shout.

"Father, I know you don't like me!"

"I know that in your heart, your 12th son is dispensable."

"My aptitude isn't good, I don't know how to speak, I'm not likable, and no one is willing to get close to me. I don't care about these!"

Ning Yan's voice was hoarse and his emotions fluctuated intensely, echoing through the square. He slowly stood up!

To him, the significance of standing up was unprecedented. This meant that he had suppressed his innate fear of his father and reverence for the Human Emperor.

He crushed his obsequiousness and let out a shout that he had suppressed for many years in the rain.

"Father, you're high and mighty like the clouds in the sky, and in your eyes, I'm so lowly that I'm no different from mud. But so what? This is my home, but also not my home. Compared to this place, I prefer Fenghai County. Compared to the surname Guyue, I prefer the identity of Ning Yan!"

"If you hadn't summoned me back this time, I definitely wouldn't have returned!"

"And today, unfounded accusations are being laid upon me. I… refuse to accept it!"

"I, Ning Yan, have not committed this crime!"

"Let Immortal Inquisition prove my words!"

Ning Yan shouted and stood up, smashing fiercely against the Immortal Inquisition Bell above.

The ringing of the bell carried a deep feeling as it echoed in the square.

It proved what he uttered and his heart.































































This bell asked the immortal and also asked the heart.

If the heart was sincere, the bell would ring.

From the moment Ning Yan knelt down until now, his mentality had been changing. When he knocked into the Immortal Seeking Bell and the bell rang, his soul seemed to have been cleansed.

This purification was cruel. It was like the struggle before a caterpillar transformed into a butterfly. His face was covered in blood and his internal organs were churning. At this moment, he barely lifted his head and looked at the palace above.

Vaguely, he seemed to see the expressionless and dignified Human Emperor sitting in the center of the palace.

"I didn't do it."

Ning Yan's hoarse voice landed on the square and in everyone's hearts until his body tilted and he fainted.

Xu Qing supported him and placed him on the ground. Regarding today's matter, his heart fluctuated. Although all the evidence pointed to Ning Yan, Xu Qing believed that this wasn't committed by him.

He didn't have the ability or motive.

Xu Qing felt that it was impossible for the Human Emperor to be negligent about this. However… he still did it.

However, Xu Qing's past experiences allowed him to know that he couldn't just look at the surface of things.

Especially the actions of someone like the Human Emperor.

Xu Qing pondered. He recalled the imperial edict the Human Emperor had given Ning Yan after King Tian Lan died. It looked harsh but there was a deeper meaning in it. Moreover, it was glossed over with the words 'unruly and undisciplined'.

'Is this also a form of protection for Ning Yan by the Human Emperor?'



After that, Xu Qing recalled the way his master had told him to think. He put himself in the shoes of the Human Emperor and looked at the overall situation from the other party's perspective.

'If I were the Human Emperor and all the evidence pointed to my son, what would I do…'

'The Human Emperor isn't the emperor of one human or an ordinary father, he's the emperor of the entire human race…'

'There's another point, and that is the time when the Grand Chancellor walked out. It happened to be the moment the Immortal Inquisition Bell appeared at sunrise.'

'Is he using this opportunity to hint for Ning Yan to use the bell? Also to stimulate Ning Yan's determination?'

'Of course, there's another possibility. In the eyes of the Human Emperor, Ning Yan is indeed dispensable and all the evidence points to Ning Yan. In his opinion, even if Ning Yan is wronged, he won't be able to escape responsibility. He or the people around him must be one of the clues, so I was summoned.'

'Perhaps all of this isn't the case, and there's another possibility that I can't think of.'

Xu Qing fell into deep thought. He couldn't guess the Human Emperor's thoughts.

At that moment, the lingering sound of the bell slowly dissipated in the world. The Grand Chancellor lowered his head in front of the royal palace and waited for the decree. Not long later, an emotionless voice echoed out from the royal palace.

'The Creation Palace's people and others are to be imprisoned in the black dungeon."

"Gu Yue Bi Xuan and Gu Yue Ning Yan are to be detained in the palace's heaven prison."

"A strict curfew is to be imposed inside and outside the imperial capital, with comprehensive surveillance by formations. All teleportation arrays are to remain closed. The curfew begins tonight. The Upper Mystic Five Palaces will conduct separate investigations into this matter and report back to me. The lost Sun of Dawn must be found within 20 hours."

The black dungeon, located outside the palace and guarded by the Sword Holding Palace, detained only serious criminals. Throughout the years, all notorious criminals of the human race were imprisoned inside.

As for the heaven prison in the palace, it was even more special than the dungeon. It was the imperial family's prison.

As the Human Emperor's imperial decree was issued, thunder rumbled in the sky. The guards on the square stepped forward and brought everyone, including Ning Yan, away.

Xu Qing couldn't stop them, nor did he have any reason to.

He looked at Ning Yan's figure that was taken away and analyzed the Human Emperor's imperial decree. From a negative perspective, to Ning Yan, this was a life-and-death tribulation.

However, from a positive perspective, it seemed like… this was also a form of protection.

After everyone was escorted away, the Grand Chancellor in front of the hall suddenly spoke.

"Region Lord Xu, His Majesty has summoned you to the hall."

Xu Qing's expression was calm as he walked forward and stepped onto the steps. He arrived in front of the Grand Chancellor and cupped his hands slightly.

 The Grand Chancellor nodded and turned to walk in front. The moment the two of them stepped into the main hall, the people who were originally presenting themselves in the hall retreated one after another. Even the Grand Chancellor took a few steps back and waved his hand outside the palace, closing the gate.

Only Xu Qing and the Human Emperor were left in the entire hall.

Xu Qing lifted his head and stared at the Human Emperor before bowing.

"Greetings, Your Majesty."

On the ninth platform of the hall, the Human Emperor, who was sitting there, emitted a pressure that distorted the void, causing everything in sight to be hazy. Only his eyes behind the tassels were exceptionally clear.

Cold and sharp, under his gaze, it felt as if one were in the depths of winter.

"Xu Qing, summon the Emperor Sword in your secret repository and tell it to slay me!"

The Human Emperor's voice echoed in the hall, forming lingering sounds that didn't dissipate for a long time.

Xu Qing's eyes narrowed. He didn't expect the first thing the Human Emperor said to be this. Hence, he stared into the Human Emperor's eyes.

A while later, he summoned the Emperor sword in his secret repository. The sword… didn't move.

The Human Emperor was still sitting upright. The fluctuations on his body were as usual and his eyes didn't change at all as he calmly spoke.

"Do you know why the Emperor Sword didn't move?"

Xu Qing shook his head.

"That's because I haven't let down the human race or the Great Emperor. I'm not your enemy!"

The Human Emperor's deep voice echoed in the hall.

After saying that, the Human Emperor closed his eyes and ended this simple conversation.

After a long time, Xu Qing bowed and turned to walk toward the entrance of the hall. It was only when he reached the gate and was about to push it open that the Human Emperor's last sentence rang out from behind him.

"Since Ning Yan chose you, his future shall be in your hands."

The gate of the hall opened.

Xu Qing stood there and stopped for a few breaths. He then nodded and walked out. When he walked past the square and out of the palace, he stood under the golden-armored giant and turned his head to look at the main building in the distance.

'What kind of person is the Human Emperor?'

There was no answer.

Xu Qing retracted his gaze and walked into the distance in the storm.

He didn't return to the residence. Instead, he went to the Sword Holding Palace immediately and joined the Sword Holding Palace's probe into the theft of the Sun of Dawn.

The Sword Holding Palace chose to accept Xu Qing's arrival. Their investigation was swift. The first direction they locked onto was the imperial capital's imperial mausoleum!

The imperial mausoleum, and not the ancestral mausoleum.

The latter was only reserved for the emperors, while the former was where the members of the imperial family were buried upon their death.

There, the Sword Holding Palace found a tomb.

That was… the tomb of Ning Yan's brother, the Eleventh Prince.

Since the only clue was the figure and aura that appeared after rewinding time and Ning Yan had proved himself through Immortal Inquisition Bell, there was only one other possibility.

A person who looked exactly the same as Ning Yan and even had the same aura appeared in the Creation Palace.

As for using spells to change one's appearance and aura, such a thing could be done in the mortal world. However, in the Wanggu Continent, unless one's cultivation level reached the sky, it was impossible for them to disguise themselves from the Heavenly Kings, array formations, and secret techniques.

Moreover, the Human Emperor had observed the whole process.

Hence, Ning Yan's brother was the first target to be investigated. They had to confirm if this prince had really died.

This was an old case but it had to be reopened now.

The results were quickly obtained. Through a series of methods, it was confirmed that the Eleventh Prince was indeed dead and buried in the tomb.

In the Sword Holding Palace, among those who participated in the investigation, someone proposed to investigate the cause of the Eleventh Prince's death again. They felt that they might be able to obtain new clues through this.

However, this matter was stopped by the current Sword Holding Palace Master.

The Sword Holding Palace Master spoke meaningfully.

"This matter involves the imperial family's secrets and has nothing to do with this case. Unless it's specially authorized by the imperial decree, we will not get into it."

Xu Qing was also among those present. He saw the Eleventh Prince's tomb and recalled that Ning Yan had once told him that his brother and mother had died on the same day.

However, since it involved the imperial family's secrets, it was difficult to continue investigating. As such, the clues couldn't help but be interrupted.

However, there were still clues from other directions. Hence, the focus of the Sword Holding Palace's probe was on the Creation Palace and the ninth prince. The Palace Master personally headed to the heaven prison to interrogate the ninth prince.

At the same time, the other palaces were also investigating separately. The directions of their investigation were similar as well as different. In the end, all the investigation reports had to be sent to the Human Emperor to be judged.

This approach, although slightly less efficient, didn't differ too greatly. The most important aspect was that this method of investigation made it very difficult for anyone to show favoritism or tamper with the process. Every detail was thoroughly investigated.

Time flowed by and ten hours passed.

During these 10 hours, the entire Imperial City was sealed off. The emperor's personal guards and the members of the Upper Mystic Five Palaces had almost completely investigated the Imperial City.

Numerous clues were gathered by the various palaces.

"The Second Prince sent requests to the Creation Palace to access the Sun of Dawn three months ago to empower his Taboo magic treasure. His application was repeatedly denied, leading to his growing resentment. Investigations reveal that his Taboo magic treasure possesses widespread destructive capabilities."

"The eldest prince left the capital in a hurry yesterday on a mission to the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race. It's worth noting that the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race has repeatedly requested a Sun of Dawn. The timing of the eldest prince's departure is thought-provoking."

"In the past month, numerous individuals from the Seventh Prince's residence have been spotted near the outskirts of the Creation Palace. Furthermore, there have been clandestine communications between them and the Fifth Prince, who oversees the border defenses."

"The aura of the Sun of Dawn once appeared in the Tenth Prince's residence."

"Seven days ago, a nonhuman race gazed for the Eighth Prince and proposed a secret transaction. We have found that the Creation Palace was mentioned, but the details are unknown."

"Ten days ago, the Third Prince visited the Creation Palace and had a secret conversation with the Ninth Prince for an hour."

These clues gazed normal but if one took a careful look, they would be shaken.

The clues showed the presence of hidden schemes!

This was the common understanding in the hearts of everyone who participated in the investigation, including Xu Qing.

Other than the Fourth Prince and the flirtatious Sixth Prince, all the other princes were more or less implicated in the case, each with varying degrees of suspicion.

This matter could no longer be explained by coincidence.

"There's a huge hand behind the scenes, making use of the investigations of the various palaces to reveal many things."

Xu Qing fell silent. He recalled the first time he saw Purple Green in the palace and the thoughts in his mind.

If one side placed a piece, then according to the rules of chess, the other side… would also place a piece.

The various palaces remained silent.

Finally, in the Sword Holding Palace, the current Palace Master shook his head.

"Someone forcefully revealed the hidden contest for the throne. They are using us to inform His Majesty and let him make a decision as soon as possible."

"Otherwise… even greater undercurrents and eruptions might emerge at any time."

"As for why the twelfth highness was pushed out, that person might be probing, or it might also be a form of deterrence."

After saying that, the gaze of the Sword Holding Palace Master landed on Xu Qing.

"Xu Qing, how about you go and meet Ning Yan?"































































It was the twelfth hour of the investigation into the theft of the Sun of Dawn.

The sky was already dark, devoid of the crimson hues of dusk. Instead, dense clouds loomed overhead, casting an eerie twilight that blurred the line between day and night, as if the blackness of night had descended prematurely upon the earth.

The rain continued, accompanied by rumbling thunder. The oppressive atmosphere coupled with the figures of the guards in the Imperial City caused the city to be filled with killing intent.

Tonight was destined to be a sleepless night.

The investigation from the Upper Mystic Five Palaces revealed a vast network of involvement. Apart from the princes themselves, numerous cultivators associated with the princes were found to be involved.

In these twelve hours, more than half of these people were captured.

Some were in cultivation places, some were in sects, and some were at home. Any force had to lower their heads when facing the prestige of the Human Emperor.

If they resisted, they would be killed without mercy.

As the rain fell, it also washed away the blood. Only the odor of blood couldn't dissipate and gradually churned with the night.

In the heavy rain, Xu Qing, clad in the robe of a Sword Holder, hurried along the path towards the Imperial Palace prison. His steps matched the pace of both his thoughts and the environment.

He had participated in the Sword Holding Palace's investigation of the theft of the Sun of Dawn. He saw all the discovered evidence and also sensed the undercurrents involving the various princes.

"It shouldn't be like this."

Xu Qing lifted his head and his gaze passed through the rain in front of him, looking at the Imperial Palace in the dark night.

The gate to enter the Heaven Prison wasn't the rainbow bridge but a side gate.

"None of these princes are ordinary. It's impossible for them to be found out so easily unless… someone orchestrated and created momentum for all of this."



"State Preceptor?"

"Also, the Human Emperor's self-verification was somewhat abrupt."

Xu Qing frowned. He kept feeling that there was a gap in the things he had seen after coming to the Imperial City. It was like a puzzle that was missing a key piece.

"Is it possible that there aren't two people playing chess…"

Xu Qing stopped in his tracks. A bolt of lightning rumbled through the sky, illuminating the palace and the pensive expression on Xu Qing's face.

After a long time, Xu Qing closed his eyes. When he opened them, his expression was as usual as he walked into the side gate of the palace.

With the Sword Holding Palace's token, he successfully passed the inspection. Under the guidance of three black-armored guards, he entered the underground of the palace.

On the way, he sensed the coldness in the surroundings, the astonishing auras, and the restriction runes on every brick and tile. Xu Qing understood that this prison should be the most tightly guarded prison in the Imperial City.

Even though he had the token, he still had to go through layers of inspection. It was only after it was confirmed that there was nothing wrong that Xu Qing was brought to the cell where Ning Yan was imprisoned.

The heaven prison in the palace had a total of nine floors. The lower one went, the higher the status of the imperial family and the more secretive they would be.

After the underground sixth floor, all visits were strictly forbidden.

Ning Yan was imprisoned on the third floor.

The entire cell was enveloped by restrictions. Ning Yan was covered in sealing rings, changing him into a mortal. It was difficult for him to escape even if he had wings. His expression was very complicated as he sat on the ground motionlessly.

It was only when he sensed Xu Qing's arrival that he reluctantly lifted his head and looked at Xu Qing, who was outside the cell.

"Boss…"

Looking at Ning Yan, Xu Qing sat down cross-legged and swept his gaze across the surroundings.

"The environment here is not bad. It's not as dirty and messy as I imagined."

Ning Yan smiled bitterly.

"Moreover, it's quiet. You can calm your mind here."

Ning Yan immediately kept quiet.

 "After you calm your mind, you might recall some things you neglected."

Xu Qing no longer spoke and calmly looked at Ning Yan. Ning Yan instinctively felt a little nervous. He met Xu Qing's gaze and his gaze was a little evasive.

Fifteen minutes passed just like that.

Ning Yan lowered his head and Xu Qing closed his eyes.

There was complete silence.

After another fifteen minutes, Xu Qing stood up.

"Since you have nothing to say to me, I'm leaving."

Xu Qing turned and walked out. In the cell behind him, Ning Yan looked at Xu Qing's back view. The hesitation and conflict in his heart mixed together. After Xu Qing took some steps, Ning Yan gritted his teeth fiercely.

"Boss."

Xu Qing stopped in his tracks.

"Although there's a possibility that someone is pretending to be me, there's a higher chance that it's… my brother, the eleventh prince."

Xu Qing turned around and looked at Ning Yan through the barrier of restrictions.

"The Eleventh Prince's tomb has been investigated. He is dead."

Ning Yan's expression was complicated. He touched the ground of the cell and lowered his head. His voice was soft.

"Boss… My brother and I are biological siblings. When we were young, we often played a game."

Xu Qing focused.

"This game is hide-and-seek."

"However, every time, he would be able to find me. No matter where I hid, he would know it clearly."

"I don't know how he was able to do that, but I asked him at that time. He told me that when I grew up, I would know. However, he was clearly born only fifteen minutes earlier than me."

"Until today, after I was sent here…"

Ning Yan lifted his head and looked at Xu Qing.

"I know the answer. Back then, no matter where I hid, he could find me with his perception through the special connection between us."

Ning Yan pointed to the ground.

"There's my brother's aura below."

As soon as these words were spoken, Xu Qing's heart instantly stirred.

"This aura is abnormal. It's hard for me to describe it. The only feeling is that… it's familiar but unfamiliar at the same time, and is bizarre."

"I tried to call out but there was no response."

Ning Yan felt bitter and had mixed feelings. This day had an extremely great impact on him.

This was especially so after he sensed his brother's aura in the prison. It caused his thoughts to be overturned. He clearly remembered that his brother and mother had died together.

But now, in this heaven prison, he could actually sense his brother's aura.

He didn't know what the reason was or how it turned out to be like this, but he wasn't a child. He realized that… there was a huge secret contained in this.

Xu Qing fell silent and his gaze landed on the ground.

This was the third floor and there were six floors below.

This place was the Imperial Palace's heaven prison. Only with the Human Emperor's orders could people be locked here.

'The individual who died is apparently not dead, and instead is "I also sensed him."

in the heaven prison where you need the Human Emperor's order to imprison… Moreover, this Eleventh Prince who is apparently not dead stole the Sun of Dawn.'

'His motive is unknown.'

'His life or death is also unknown.'

Xu Qing rubbed his forehead. He suddenly thought of Ning Yan's mother's portrait. Looking at it now, everything seemed to be inextricably linked to the death of Ning Yan's mother back then.

As for the Human Emperor, he had a huge secret.

It was even more so for the State Preceptor.

After a long time, Xu Qing left the heaven jail and returned to the Sword Holding Palace.

He didn't tell anyone about this.

Due to this, the probe into Ning Yan yielded no results, which also meant that there was no possibility of further continuation of this case. It ended with the current outcome. Until late at night, after the sixteenth hour had passed, the Sword Holding Palace submitted all the investigation documents.

The other four palaces also handed over their respective results.

When the results from different directions were gathered in front of the Human Emperor, the lightning in the sky rumbled even more as he flipped through them, as though his anger was about to erupt.

In the end, this anger didn't descend. The Human Emperor closed his eyes. After calming down, he seemed to have aged a little.

However, when he opened his eyes again, the incomparably domineering Human Emperor had returned. Determination appeared in his eyes as he announced a shocking imperial decree to the human race.

Outside the palace, a total of 12 incense sticks for the position of the Crown Prince were erected. Each of them was 990 feet tall and separated by 90 feet. Their color was red!

Other than the two princesses, Anran and Anbei, the twelve royals and a princess merged their soul blood into the incense sticks each, branding them.

"Since you all seek to vie for the throne, rather than stirring up trouble in secret and disrupting the order of the court, it's better to bring it out in the open."

"Starting from today, all twelve incense will burn simultaneously. Based on the performance of each imperial prince and princess, those who excel will have slower burning incense, while those who falter will have faster burning incense. After one year, the one with the slowest burning incense will be… the Crown Prince!"

With this decree, the entire capital was abuzz with discussion. All factions were moved by the decisiveness of the emperor in choosing the Crown Prince, and he effectively shattered all hidden schemes, guiding the succession process towards a positive direction.

With everything now out in the open, whoever desired to become the Crown Prince must ensure that their incense burned the slowest, thus allowing them to stand tall in the end.

Merely existing without achievements was not acceptable as the incense burned constantly.

All of a sudden, the eyes of the various royals who were paying attention to the theft of the Sun of Dawn shone with intense light.

As the imperial decree was issued, the theft of the Sun of Dawn became an unsolved case and no one mentioned it again.

Ning Yan and the Ninth Prince were also released. The palace gates were closed, and court sessions were suspended for seven days.

After Ning Yan returned to his residence, his personality changed. He locked himself in the ancestral hall.

Xu Qing knew that at this moment, Ning Yan might prefer to be alone. Hence, he looked at the ancestral hall and recalled his experiences today. He then obtained an answer.

"The individual who placed the piece won a round."

At the same time, when the palace gate was closed and the curfew in the Imperial City was lifted, everyone was shocked by the matter of the crown prince incense. In the Imperial Palace, in the Heavenwatch Pavilion, a strong wind howled.

The Human Emperor stood there with his hands behind his back and looked at the huge Ancient Sovereign Planet.

Behind him, the void distorted and the State Preceptor's figure appeared out of thin air. He cupped his hands at the Human Emperor and smiled.

"Congratulations, Your Majesty, for finally making a decision and breaking the last bit of tether."

The Human Emperor's gaze was deep and he spoke calmly without turning his head.

"Even if you're Crown Prince Purple Green, you haven't recovered yet and you're in our human race's territory. It won't be difficult for me to kill you."

The State Preceptor's expression was gentle as he spoke softly.

"I'm just helping His Majesty fulfill his dream. Besides, His Majesty naturally knows that I only pushed the matter. There's someone else behind the scenes."

"As for who it is, His Majesty also knows it."

The Human Emperor was expressionless.

"Your Majesty, there are already gods paying attention to this, so since you've made the decision, you have to do it as soon as possible. After all, this transaction… is unprecedented."

The State Preceptor smiled. After he finished speaking, his body turned blurry and he left with the wind.

The Heavenwatch Pavilion was completely silent. Only the sound of the wind could be heard.

Amidst the howling wind, the Human Emperor's gaze seemed to penetrate the skies and land in the depths of the Ancient Sovereign Planet…































































The rain in the Imperial Capital lasted for three days.

On the fourth day, it started snowing.

Just like that, winter suddenly arrived. As the first snow fell, the chill rapidly spread in all directions, causing the entire Imperial City to be covered in silver ice flowers.

Looking at the snowflakes and feeling the cold wind blowing at his face, Xu Qing thought of Fenghai County, the Nanhuang Continent, and the scenes when he was young.

With his cultivation, he longer felt much cold or heat. He now possessed a resistance beyond that of ordinary people. However, he still felt a bit chilly.

This coldness came from a memory.

Everything about his childhood had long been settled in his soul and would accompany him for the rest of his life.

At that moment, on the way to Imperial Academy, Xu Qing instinctively tightened his collar. In the wind and snow, he stepped through the gate of Imperial Academy.

No one mentioned the theft of the Sun of Dawn anymore. As for the missing Sun of Dawn, its whereabouts were also unknown. This matter should have been hanging in the hearts of the various forces in the imperial city, but… no one seemed to care.

As for the reason, Xu Qing had analyzed it.

"Because the Human Emperor is here."

To the human race, the Human Emperor was an existence that could support the sky.

Therefore, everyone's hearts were at ease.

Xu Qing had mixed feelings about the Human Emperor. Back then, before he came to the Imperial City, the Human Emperor was just a symbol. To him, it was just an unfamiliar and blank paper.



As he arrived at the Imperial City and saw the Human Emperor's actions, this piece of paper gained color. However… there were too many colors, so it was confusing to look at it now.

Xu Qing shook his head.

He had a habit of burying things he couldn't understand at the bottom of his heart and recording them one by one. He would wait for the flaws and clues that would be revealed during the passage of time and fill them all in.

This way, when he had enough clues, all the answers would surface in his mind.

Now, Xu Qing knew that the most important thing in front of him was still his cultivation.

"Let's go take a look at the Variant Immortal School!"

The moment he stepped through the gate of Imperial Academy, the cold was isolated. It was the same for the wind and snow. Compared to the changes in the seasons in the outside world, Imperial Academy, which was in a separate space, was no different from the past.

There was still a crowd, and it was still bustling with activity.

Xu Qing, who had been here for more than a month, was already used to this environment. With a step, he blended into the crowd like a water droplet falling into the sea. He walked toward the white tower of the Variant Immortal School that was located in the east.

"At Princess Anhai's banquet last time, the record shown by Mu Nan of the Litu Sect showed the appearance of Chen Daoze who had achieved proficiency in the method of the Variant Immortal School. It is very familiar with my god form."

"Could it be that the soul weaving of the Variant Immortal School is similar to the god form?"

Xu Qing was quite moved by this.

This was because his god form was a product of various coincidences. He had never seen it on others before. Even ninth grandfather was unfamiliar with it.

Hence, Xu Qing had been exploring how to continue cultivating his god form.

If he had to use the flesh of the Crimson Goddess every time he unleashed his second form… Xu Qing wouldn't be able to withstand this consumption.

Not to mention the third form.

"In the first form, I can display the strength of the perfected Spirit Repository or even the first stage of Nihility. This enhancement can be said to be huge."

"As for the second form, it's close to the second stage of Nihility… Although there's a difference, it's actually about the same."

"As for the third form…" Xu Qing recalled the display in front of ninth grandfather back then and thought of the experts he had encountered. He already had a preliminary judgment.

"The combat strength is comparable to the third stage of Nihility!"

"Therefore, the main point of my cultivation now is to completely master the three god forms."

 "Also, there's the fifth secret repository."

As Xu Qing pondered, time flowed by. An hour later, the white tower of the Variant Immortal School appeared in his eyes.

Compared to the commotion in the surroundings, this place was quiet. There were only birds at the door and no one cared about it. It was as though it had been drowned in history and was eliminated by time.

The three disciples were not all present today. There was only one. He was sitting there and yawning as he was reprimanded by the school head.

"Look outside. There are so many students. Can't you go out and recruit people?"

"If this continues, there won't be enough people to work. There are so many books. Will I have to organize them every day?!"

"Although our Variant Immortal School might not be as strong as before, we still have our glory days. What's the point of you guys researching those newsletters all day long?"

The disciple who was reprimanded had an impatient expression as he waved his hand.

"Alright, if you keep talking like this, I also won't come tomorrow. Our newsletters are just to make some extra money for ourselves. Since you're not helping us, what does it have to do with you if we report some gossip and fun stories? Otherwise, let's start taking fees. If there are any fools who want to inquire about ancient texts, we can charge them, how about that?"

"You!!" The school head glared. He wanted to say some harsh words but in the end, he was worried that the other party really wouldn't come…

His chest heaved a few times as he pondered over how to reply. However, Xu Qing's arrival attracted his attention. Hence, he snorted coldly and placed his hands behind his back as he looked at Xu Qing.

As for that disciple, he also lifted his head. When he saw Xu Qing, he spoke lazily.

"Variant Immortal School, you will have to pay 100 spirit stones for every jade slip you check."

The same attire caused him to be unable to recognize that Xu Qing was someone who had been here before. In reality, in Imperial Academy, unless one had interacted with someone many times, it was very difficult to recognize each other.

Xu Qing's gaze swept over and he was about to speak. However, at that moment, the school head glanced at Xu Qing with surprise in his eyes.

"Why are you here again?"

When the disciple beside him heard this, he looked at Xu Qing carefully.

Xu Qing was also a little surprised and cupped his hands toward the school head.

"Teacher, I want to understand more about the Variant Immortal School."

"Not bad." The eyes of the school head lit up and he couldn't help but rub his hands. He stepped forward and grabbed Xu Qing's arm, pulling him into the white tower, as though he was afraid that Xu Qing would escape.

Xu Qing wasn't used to this. As for that disciple, he sighed and ignored him.

"You are someone with insight. I sensed it the first time you came here," said the school head with a hint of emotion.

"You chose the Variant Immortal School because it was the call of destiny, the inevitable turn of fate's wheel. If I'm not mistaken, you've only recently entered the Imperial Academy, right?"

As the school head spoke, he raised five fingers on his left hand and counted silently. Surprise flickered in his eyes as he looked at Xu Qing, as if he wanted to say something but hesitated.

Xu Qing remained silent. The captain often used such tricks and he was already used to it.

Seeing that Xu Qing didn't take the initiative to ask, the school head coughed and spoke on his own.

"Back then, when our Variant Immortal School was glorious, the ancestor sensed heaven and earth and saw a corner of the future. He left behind a prophecy that one day, a student would join our Variant Immortal School and create the peak of the Variant Immortal School."

"The last time I saw you, I had a feeling but wasn't sure. Now, seeing you again, I can't help but recall that prophecy."

"It's very likely that you're the person our Variant Immortal School has been waiting for thousands of years!"

The disciple beside him curled his lips. He had heard these words before. Back then, when he came, the school head had said the same thing. It was the same for the two disciples who didn't come today.

'At least change a word or two.'

However, at the thought that he could trick another one over, it was also good. Hence, his pupils contracted and he pretended to be shocked as he cried out involuntarily.

"Oh God."

Xu Qing looked at the two people and suddenly experienced that the Variant Immortal School might not be very suitable for him…

Seeing that his disciple was so cooperative, the school head was satisfied. He quickly received out a jade token and placed it in Xu Qing's hand.

"Child, fuse your divine sense into it, and you will become a core disciple of the Variant Immortal School. Everything here will be open to you. The future of the Variant Immortal School is in your hands!"

"The cultivation art of the Variant Immortal School is special. Back then, the old Human Emperor specially allowed our ancestors to decide how the inheritance would proceed. Hence, the ancestor decided to only impart the inheritance to the core disciples."

"Come, join us. From now on, your life will welcome a new start!"

The voice of the school head was impassioned as he continued to persuade.

Xu Qing looked at the jade token in his hand. Since he was here today, it meant he had already made a decision. Hence, he didn't hesitate and directly imprinted it.

As the jade token shone, Xu Qing became a core disciple of the Variant Immortal School.

"Haha, welcome to the Variant Immortal School."

The school head was excited and the disciple beside him was happy. The two of them looked at each other and could see the smugness of tricking another person into joining.

The former experienced that the school had grown stronger, while the latter felt that there would be one more worker to do manual labor in the future.

Xu Qing didn't care much about this. He cupped his hands and spoke.

"School head, can you show me the cultivation art of the Variant Immortal School?"

"No problem." The school head laughed. He then grabbed more than ten jade slips from the small mountain in the corner and set them all in Xu Qing's hand.

"The cultivation art of our Variant Immortal School is all here. Take your time to read them. There's no hurry."

Xu Qing nodded and focused on reading them. Gradually, his expression under the mask fell into deep thought.

The content of the jade slip was very rich and the description of the cultivation of the Variant Immortal School was also very detailed.

Overall, the cultivation art of this school had requirements for cultivation conditions.

It needed majestic soul power.

Only such a person could form a sufficient number of soul threads and weave a complete divine creature in theory.

If one didn't have enough soul power, it was very easy for their soul to dissipate during the weaving process.

Other than that, they also needed to visualize the image of the divine creature and use the soul thread as a brush to complete it.

As for the process, it varied from person to person but overall, it was extremely slow.

The school head continued to introduce the Variant Immortal School while Xu Qing read the content.

"The main point of my school is to visualize divine beings, and I've given them all to you. These are the most suitable ones selected from countless divine beings by generations of people. It also introduces the required amount of soul threads. This is the essence of my Variant Immortal School."

"However, you must remember not to bite off more than you can chew. For example, if the number of soul threads condensed isn't enough, you can't forcefully visualize the divine being."

When the school head reminded him, Xu Qing perceived the images of the divine creatures in the jade slips. There were dozens of types inside, and every one of them was lifelike.

Among them, the one that required the most soul threads was 100,000. The lowest requirement was about 50,000.

He attempted to cultivate one. His mind instantly experienced a little dazed and his eyes became blurry.

Noticing this scene, the school head shook his head and reminded him on account of how he had tricked the other party into entering.

"To cultivate the Variant Immortal School's art, you have to calm your mind and focus. Only in an absolutely quiet and fixed array formation can your speed increase. If you refine it now, it's normal for it to have no effect."

"Generally speaking, if you can condense one soul thread after cultivating for a month, your aptitude can be considered good. If one can condense three, they will be a heaven chosen. If they surpass ten, they have the aptitude of an ancestor!"

Xu Qing hesitated and gazed into his sea of consciousness. Inside… there were more than 10,000 soul threads spreading.































































The school head of the Variant Immortal School was still talking endlessly about the cultivation details of the Variant Immortal School, looking very enthusiastic.

It was as though he had simulated this saying many times in his mind but had never received the chance until Xu Qing arrived.

"Back then, Ancestor Li Xuanfeng could be said to be a heaven chosen that is rarely seen in a thousand years. He comprehended 13 soul threads in a month and became the pioneer of our Variant Immortal School!"

The school head spoke proudly. The disciple beside him didn't refute and only sighed softly.

Clearly, even though there was a significant element of being misled into joining, those who still chose this path showed a certain level of recognition and sentimentality towards the Variant Immortal School.

"There's also Ancestor Chen Daoze. He's even more extraordinary. He's a peerless genius that is rarely seen in thousands of years. He comprehended 19 soul threads in a month!"

The school head of the Variant Immortal School looked at Xu Qing and spoke earnestly.

"Therefore, you have to work hard and cultivate well. As long as you can condense more than ten soul threads a month, the future leader of the Variant Immortal School will be you!"

As he spoke, the school head patted Xu Qing's shoulder and took out some jade slips, stuffing them all into Xu Qing's hands. Only then did he leave reluctantly and continue to organize the white tower's jade slips.

Xu Qing stood there and felt very hesitant. He carefully checked his sea of consciousness and discovered that there were indeed more than 10,000 soul threads spreading in it. He then thought of the school head's words and felt that something was amiss.

"What's wrong? Is your blood boiling from listening?" While Xu Qing was pondering, the disciple walked over and sighed beside Xu Qing.

"Let me tell you, don't believe this nonsense. When the other two senior brothers and I came, we were all told this. Not a single word was changed."



"Last time, I tried to persuade you but you didn't listen. Now, you've been branded as a core disciple... This is equivalent to being completely tied to the Variant Immortal School."

A look of sympathy appeared in the disciple's eyes.

"However, since you're here, you can't regret it. Follow us in the future. With you joining us, our newsletters can offer more variety."

Xu Qing looked at the disciple. He had some guesses about the newsletter this person was talking about. Hence, he asked about it.

"There are so many schools in Imperial Academy and many things happen in each school every day. Staying informed requires a considerable amount of time. Hence, the schools' newsletters compile a wealth of information."

"It contains the news of the various schools and the movements of the famous students. However, compared to the other schools, our Variant Immortal School is old and has a good geographical location. So, although it's not authoritative, the sales are not bad."

"Also, our focus is on gossip, so it is quite popular."

Speaking of the newsletters, this Variant Immortal School's disciple's tone was filled with pride.

"This is a business created by us brothers. Come, come, let me introduce you to it."

As he spoke, he pulled Xu Qing into the distance. There, Xu Qing saw many blank jade slips. After this disciple's introduction, Xu Qing knew that these blank jade slips were newsletters.

Their job was to imprint some frivolous information on every jade slip and sell them.

As for the source of the information, it was recorded in a few jade slips that they had gathered from somewhere.

Xu Qing picked one up and swept his divine sense over it.

"Last night, someone heard a tragic scream coming from the Divine Fusion School. Who was causing trouble in the dead of night? Find out in the Variant Immortal School's newsletter!"

"The chief student of the Verdant Path path turns out to be her!"

"What is the true identity of the Myriad Arts School's Chenyun? My investigation has lasted for years, and I will finally uncover it!"

"Xu Qing from the Holy Wave Large Region has entered the Imperial Academy. Do you want to know what school he has joined? Our newsletter will track and report on this matter!"

Xu Qing silently put down the jade slip.

"How is it? Our Variant Immortal School's newsletter has enough buzz, right?" The disciple chuckled.

"Not bad."

Xu Qing let out a calm voice and didn't feel any dislike. When in Rome, do as the Romans do. Since he had joined this Variant Immortal School, he might as well help this senior brother in front of him imprint the newsletter.

During this time, the school head came a few times. When he saw that the newly joined Xu Qing had also become like this, he sighed but didn't say anything.

Just like that, time flowed by and the sky gradually darkened. Xu Qing then left the Variant Immortal School.

 When he walked out of Imperial Academy, the snowflakes were still falling. Xu Qing pondered about the Variant Immortal School cultivation art as he returned to the mansion and meditated.

"The cultivation art of the Variant Immortal School is to extract one's soul and combine it with a specific array formation to form soul threads."

"This demands a lot from the soul. If I extract too much, my soul will collapse, and it will be the same as courting death..."

"This is also the reason why the cultivation of this cultivation art is slow. I have to nourish my soul while cultivating."

"And the number of soul threads..."

Xu Qing took out the jade slip that had the images of the divine creatures and checked it. In his opinion, the divine creatures inside were a little ordinary. After all, he had seen gods.

As for the reason why more than 10,000 soul threads appeared at once when he cultivated this cultivation art, Xu Qing found the answer when he was publishing the newsletter during the day.

"I have divine sources."

"At the end of the day, this cultivation art of the Variant Immortal School simulates the method of the divine source. The image of a divine creature woven from one's soul is also a simulation."

"This method allows the soul to possess the characteristics of the divine source and transform it, manifesting it like armor… In the end, with a thought, it will change everything about itself."

"Therefore, the principle is the mused of the Summer Immortal can transform into an immortal body."

"If someone can really cultivate it to the extreme and simulate it step by step, then theoretically, they can weave the image of a god…"

"As for me, I have the divine source, so I don't need to simulate it. With a thought, I can release a considerable number of soul threads. Every one of them is transformed from the divine source."

Xu Qing became silent and a strange glint appeared in his eyes. After learning this cultivation art, Xu Qing knew that his previous judgment wasn't wrong.

His god form was indeed similar to the Variant Immortal School's cultivation art to a certain extent.

However, the body formed by the Variant Immortal School was essentially the aura of a cultivator. Upon closer inspection, one could see traces of soul threads.

While the god form emitted the pressure of divinity. It looked like it was an integration but in reality, it was changing from illusion to reality.

This difference could be easily sensed.

The human race had all kinds of spells and cultivation arts. Moreover, with the existence of gods and the research of divine creatures, there were too many ways to form a sight similar to Xu Qing's god form.

However, if one studied it carefully, they would discover that the essence was completely different.

Only this Variant Immortal School… had a similar nature.

"In that case, if I follow the method of the Variant Immortal School, I should be able to get more proficient in the god form."

A sharp glint flashed in Xu Qing's eyes.

"The god form I displayed before was transformed from the divine repository."

"However, if I break down the divine sources in the three divine repositories and refine them all into soul threads, then use the art of soul thread weaving to weave my three god forms…"

"In theory, it can bypass the inadequacies of the god form opening layer by layer. For example, the third form… Because I'm not using one divine repository to support it, I'm using the divine sources of three divine repositories to weave it."

"At the same time, it won't be limited to three forms. I can even form the fourth form. As long as I have enough soul threads, I can create thousands of forms with a thought!"

Xu Qing was tempted. After he closed his eyes, he performed a series of hand seals with both hands and formed more soul threads according to the method of the Variant Immortal School.

In that instant, the first divine repository appeared behind him. Threads of divine source flew out and gathered in Xu Qing's sea of consciousness. His proficiency with the soul threads also suddenly soared.

Very soon, there were about 100,000 of them.

"Continue!"

The second divine repository appeared behind Xu Qing. Threads of divine source rapidly rushed out under his refinement.

130,000, 180,000, 250,000… In the end, 310,000 soul threads appeared.

Xu Qing believed that it was strenuous to control so many divine source soul threads. He knew that this was because he wasn't familiar with the weaving method of the Variant Immortal School.

Hence, he temporarily stopped refining. Instead, he followed the reference map of the Variant Immortal School and tried to form them one by one.

Although he wasn't very proficient, Xu Qing had too many divine source soul threads. Very soon, terrifying figures that emitted divine fluctuations appeared one after another behind him.

If a disciple of the Variant Immortal School was here and saw this scene, they would definitely be extremely shocked.

This was because in their understanding, divine creatures that could only theoretically be formed were appearing one after another in Xu Qing's hands.

Moreover, each of them was lifelike and the pressure they emitted was so strong that it surpassed the range of the divine creature itself.

However, Xu Qing wasn't satisfied. To him, this was only a way to increase his proficiency. He continued to control the soul threads to form divine creatures. In the end, with a thought, these divine creatures all collapsed and transformed into 310,000 soul threads again, gathering together.

The first layer of his god form appeared in Xu Qing's mind. With it as a reference, he began to mold it.

Due to his sufficient understanding and familiarity with the weaving method of the Variant Immortal School's soul threads to a certain extent, his first god form suddenly appeared.

It stood in the secret chamber and emitted astonishing pressure.

That pressure was very different from when Xu Qing normally displayed his first layer of god form.

Not only did it contain the will of the god, but it also contained the characteristics of the Variant Immortal School. Most importantly, Xu Qing found that he could burn it with a thought.

It could be transformed into a huge power that would break through shackles and barriers, pushing his cultivation base to rise.

This realization caused Xu Qing's breathing to quicken slightly. His eyes suddenly opened.

"The Variant Immortal School's cultivation art is indeed special!"

"It looks like it's refining soul threads and weaving divinity, but all of this is just the surface. What's truly terrifying about it…"

"It can transform the divine source into the power to break through!"

"When you reach your limit, burn the divine image and transform it into a huge driving force that forcefully breaks through the barrier of the broken immortal path and connects to the path ahead, breaking out of a new path. You can borrow the divine to become an immortal and become a Variant Immortal."

Xu Qing's expression changed. It was also at this moment that a light knocking sound rang out from outside his closed-door cultivation chamber, accompanied by the captain's voice.

"Junior brother, are you there? Tonight, with the sparse moon and high winds, accompanied by snowflakes and the chill, it's perfect for me to do something small. But I need someone to watch out and assist. Are you up for it?"































































As he spoke, the captain clearly used some unknown method to sense Xu Qing's state. Hence, the door of the secret chamber Xu Qing was in silently opened.

The captain walked in with a smug expression and waved his right hand.

"How is it, Little Qing? Isn't my method of opening the secret chamber's door through the restrictions and array formation very magical?"

"Let me tell you, this move was taught to me by a good friend I made after coming to the Imperial City."

Xu Qing lifted his head and looked at the captain before looking at the secret chamber's door. A strange feeling rose in his heart. One had to know that he had also other than the restrictions in this secret chamber, he had also put some formations and rest them a few times.

Although it couldn't be said to be perfect, it was extremely difficult to open it so simply and silently.

However, the captain actually opened it so easily.

"What technique is this?" Xu Qing couldn't help but ask.

These words made the captain feel proud and incomparably comfortable.

"Since I arrived in the capital, I haven't just been wandering around. I've adopted a new identity and made many friends, especially this one who is quite mysterious."

"However, you also know my personality. How can I let just anyone know me? Hence, I rejected her. She was anxious and taught me this trick in order to be friends with me."

"Let's not talk about this. You're done cultivating, right? Follow me."

As he spoke, the captain's face was filled with anticipation as he pulled Xu Qing's arm.

Xu Qing was helpless. There were only a few people in this world whom he couldn't refuse. Eldest Senior Brother was one of them.



"What are you up to now?"

Xu Qing stood up and glanced at the sky outside.

"Accompany me to the Star Emperor Supreme Sect to steal something," the captain said in a low voice. He pulled Xu Qing and headed outside.

Xu Qing stopped in his tracks and rejected. He didn't have a death wish.

Seeing this, the captain coughed.

"It's a branch sect, not the main sect. It's fine. The strongest among them is only at Nihility. As long as we don't make a scene and attract the attention of the main sect, it'll be fine."

Xu Qing thought about it before agreeing.

In the pitch-black world, the wind whistled. The surface of the lake outside Ning Yan's residence rippled as Xu Qing and the captain's figures swept past it.

"I made an arrangement with that mysterious friend to go to the Star Emperor Supreme Sect's branch sect's restricted area tonight and retrieve something."

As he sped, the captain transmitted his voice. At the same time, he took out a mask and threw it to Xu Qing.

"Put it on. Before we came to the Imperial City, I stole this from the old man's treasure vault. It can hide our identities as long as we restrain our aura a little. No one will be able to see our true appearance for a short period of time."

"After all, I'm not sure about the background of that friend of mine. There's a high chance that she is using me to hide her identity and has other motives. However, I do have to make a trip to the Star Emperor restricted area."

"There's something I want there. It's related to a major event in the future."

"However, I'm still not at ease about her, but I'm certain that she shouldn't have guessed my true identity. Hence, I am bringing you along. You'll be outside keeping watch for me. If she has ill intentions toward me, we'll kill her!"

"Also, after I enter with her, if she comes out alone first, help me stop her. I'm worried that if she leaves first, she will sell me off."

A cold glint appeared in the captain's eyes. Xu Qing nodded when he heard this. He then took the mask and wore it.

The material of this mask was very special. There was no discomfort when he put it on. It seemed to fuse with his face.

Xu Qing touched the mask on his face and sped up. As for helping the captain do such a thing, it wasn't his first time. As he followed, he pondered over the Variant Immortal School's cultivation art and tried to weave various things in his mind.

'In theory, with my current divine source soul threads, I can weave the second form...'

'However, my control over the soul threads hasn't reached the microscopic level yet. It will take some time to weave it and it's difficult to form it quickly. I need to practice again and again to perfectly control it and instantly reveal it.'

'However, the first form is much simpler. There are enough soul threads that can allow me to instantly pile it up.'

 'Moreover, its form can also change...'

'This is very suitable for me to hide my identity when I do some things in the Imperial City.'

Xu Qing pondered and continued to weave in his sea of consciousness. His aura also changed. The captain immediately sensed it and glanced at him in surprise. However, at this moment, he had something major on his mind, so he didn't ask immediately.

Just like that, the two of them took advantage of the darkness and concealed their tracks as they sped forward. Two hours later, they finally arrived at the northwestern part of the Imperial City.

This place was far away from the city and was a mountain range. In the pitch-black world, this place was filled with snowflakes and was hazy.

However, there was a mountain peak among the mountains that seemed to be able to absorb starlight. Its body was resplendent and especially obvious. The snowflakes in the surroundings also reflected rainbow light.

This place was the territory of a branch of the Star Emperor Supreme Sect. There must be another space inside and this was the entrance.

"We're here."

The captain looked at the resplendent mountain in the distance. With a sway, he arrived at a nearby mountain in the shape of a rooster crown. He squatted there and licked his lips before turning to look at Xu Qing behind him.

Xu Qing closed his eyes and was weaving in his sea of consciousness.

The aura emitted by his body kept changing, completely different from before.

When he sensed the change in Xu Qing's aura again, the captain finally couldn't help but ask.

"Little Qing, what's wrong with you? I asked you to restrain your aura and not change it so drastically. How did you manage to do this? Especially now that you're wearing the mask, you seem unfamiliar to me..."

"I recently learned a new cultivation art."

Xu Qing opened his eyes and didn't explain too much.

The captain was curious and was about to continue asking. However, at that moment, a soft whistling sound rang out from afar. The captain and Xu Qing looked up at the sky.

A woman with a graceful figure but an ordinary face, dressed in black robes, appeared before Xu Qing and the captain, walking through the wind and snow. Her gaze swept over Xu Qing and finally settled on the captain.

"Chen Daqing, this is?"

Hearing the other party's address, Xu Qing glanced at the captain and knew that Chen Daqing should be the captain's alias.

"This is my brother, Ergou. He was worried about me coming alone, so he accompanied me to provide support."

The captain blinked and calmly spoke.

This woman didn't comment on this. She only glanced at Xu Qing again before retracting her gaze and looking at the Star Emperor Supreme Sect.

"Then, according to our agreement, let's set off now?"

"Let's go!" The captain took a deep breath. After giving Xu Qing a look, he flew out.

The woman also took a step forward, walking side by side with the captain, heading towards the radiant mountain.

Xu Qing kept watch. Soon, he saw that after the two of them got close to the mountain, they suddenly blurred and disappeared at the same time.

Xu Qing wasn't surprised by this scene.

The captain had many methods, and to be able to make him say that she was mysterious, she was clearly not an ordinary person. In addition, since she dared to target the Star Emperor Supreme Sect, she must have some confidence.

However, when he thought of the captain's suicidal personality, Xu Qing hesitated a little. His body swayed and he left this place, waiting at another mountain.

Time slowly passed. The Star Emperor Extreme Branch Sect was completely silent and there were no changes at all. Two hours later, the void suddenly distorted outside the dazzling mountain and the woman's figure appeared.

After walking out, she didn't hesitate at all and was about to leave into the distance. However, at the next instant, the woman stopped in her tracks. In the void in front of her, Xu Qing's figure appeared and stopped her.

"Fellow Daoist, there's no hurry to leave. It'll be safest if we leave together after Daqing comes out."

Xu Qing calmly spoke.

The woman frowned and her eyes gleamed with coldness. She looked at Xu Qing and calmly spoke.

"Scram!"

As she spoke, the woman's body emitted a dangerous aura. The void in front of her instantly froze, as though it had transformed into a mirror that enveloped Xu Qing's left and right, instantly shattering.

She didn't hesitate at all and continued forward. However, at the next instant, her eyes narrowed. In the void in front of her, Xu Qing's figure appeared again with a calm expression.

"Stop."

The woman's eyes narrowed and her expression turned solemn. After sizing up Xu Qing a few times, she suddenly lifted her right hand and pressed forward. The wind and snow in the surroundings immediately shook and their forms changed, transforming into ice needles that moved closer to Xu Qing.

An afterimage appeared on her spot as she headed straight for Xu Qing.

Xu Qing was expressionless. His left hand formed a seal and he waved it. Immediately, a field of black flames spread out from his body. His body swayed and he rushed toward the woman.

The two of them instantly came into contact and exchanged blows. Their spells intertwined and in the span of a few breaths, they had exchanged a hundred moves.

They were restraining themselves and didn't make a sound or cause too much energy fluctuations.

Ten breaths later, the woman became anxious and her expression revealed impatience.

"After Chen Daqing entered, he disappeared without a trace. There's no reason for you to stop me. If you still don't get out of my way… I'll kill you!"

"You can merely leave following he comes out."

Xu Qing calmly spoke.

"You're asking for death!" The woman's eyes glinted with coldness as she suddenly formed a hand seal with her right hand. A fissure split open on her forehead, and a white needle shot out with an ethereal sensation, breaking through the void and appearing in front of Xu Qing.

The aura it emitted was different from the power of cultivators and the pressure of gods, but its domineeringness was even more astonishing.

It was as though the essence of this force was that it was the merely supreme existence in the world.

For the first time, Xu Qing's pupils constricted. He felt a sense of danger. At this moment, he didn't hesitate at all. The 310,000 soul threads in his sea of consciousness instantly erupted and directly formed a sinister figure outside his body.

This figure was a beetle. Its entire body emitted dense divine fluctuations, giving off the feeling of being close to a god. It was none other than the earth child in the comprehension images recorded in the Variant Immortal School.

The highest cultivation level of a divine creature like the earth child was merely the Spirit Repository. However, this one's cultivation level was indeed at the Nihility Realm. It was created by Xu Qing using the soul thread weaving technique.

After it appeared, more than 300,000 soul threads surged and were about to collide with the strange needle.

When the woman saw this, her expression changed drastically. She retreated and hurriedly spoke.

"Stop!"

"Fellow Daoist Ergou, if this continues, it will be disadvantageous for both of us. The special restrictions I set up in the surroundings will also reveal flaws and we will be discovered. Let's not fight anymore. I'll stay and wait with you!"

As she spoke, she raised her hand in fear and recalled the white needle.

Xu Qing narrowed his eyes. With a wave of his hand, the earth child disappeared and his soul threads were hidden.

If the other party still wanted to attack, he could instantly form it again.

The storm continued. As the two of them stopped fighting, the mountain turned quiet.

Tens of breaths later, the woman gazed at Xu Qing, unable to hide the shock in her eyes. She took a deep breath and mentioned uncertainly.

"Fellow Daoist Ergou, did you use the Variant Immortal School's technique merely now?"

"These hundreds of thousands of soul threads… are too terrifying…"

"There's indeed someone in the world who can cultivate the Variant Immortal School's art to such an unprecedented level. Who… are you?"































































The mysterious woman that Erniu was talking about was panting at this moment. Her eyes stared at Xu Qing as though she was looking at a monster.

She had indeed planned to sell out Chen Daqing, who had entered with her, as a scapegoat and divert the trouble. Moreover, she had concealed her traces very well throughout, so no matter what Chen Daqing said, there would be no traces of her.

However, now, the waves in her heart had reached a monstrous level.

She knew of the Variant Immortal School.

In fact, she was familiar with almost all the schools in the Academy, which was related to her status as a student and her background.

Not only was she familiar with the various schools of Imperial Academy, but she also knew more about the super sects in the outside world than ordinary people.

However, precisely because she understood, the shock she felt at this moment was so great.

'Hundreds of thousands of soul threads… Neither Li Xuanfeng nor Chen Daoze could achieve that back then!'

'It was said that Li Xuanfeng had 50,000 soul threads. Chen Daoze had more, but even then, he only had 70,000 soul threads.'

'Unless… they didn't die and are still alive now, perhaps it would be possible…'

'However, that is impossible. Li Xuanfeng is a person from 8,000 years ago. Unless he reached Soul Accumulation, he won't be able to live for so long under the rules of the Heavenly Dao. Is he Chen Daoze? The rumors outside about Chen Daoze turning into a divine creature back then, unable to revert, and ultimately becoming a specimen, were false?'

This woman's mind was in extreme turmoil. Today's events had overturned her understanding. Hundreds of thousands of soul threads were terrifying.

In fact, because of this horror, her ordinary face appeared out of sync with her emotions and tone, seeming somewhat stiff, further confirming her use of a disguise.



She stared fixedly at Xu Qing, wanting to see some clues from Xu Qing to prove her almost ridiculous guess.

Xu Qing calmly met her gaze.

He didn't care about the other party's shock. Moreover, they had only met by chance, so there was no need for him to answer.

Hence, Xu Qing shifted his gaze away and looked at the Star Emperor Branch Sect. However, he sent out a wisp of his divine consciousness and locked onto the woman. If the other party had any ill intentions, he would attack immediately.

At the same time, he was also analyzing the Variant Immortal School's cultivation art he had displayed earlier.

This was the first time he had used the soul thread weaving technique in a fight. From the might, although it was a little insufficient, the change in his aura had an extremely great advantage.

Moreover, it was even faster and could display more changes than the first layer of the god form.

The most important thing was that he could break through the original upper limit. As long as he had enough soul threads, he could continue to advance.

'The original upper limit is determined by the form the soul threads are weaved into. The number of soul threads needed for the first god form would be in millions if they were soul threads of the Variant Immortal School.'

'However, my soul threads are all formed from divine sources, so 200,000 is enough.'

'However, the second god form is more powerful and complicated than the first god form. From this, I think it will take about 500,000 strands to weave it.'

'This is also the reason why I need the flesh of the Crimson Goddess to replenish my second god form using a normal method.'

Using the method of the Variant Immortal School, Xu Qing gained a deeper understanding of his god form by analogy.

'I still have too few soul threads…'

'I'll go back tonight and try to see if I can refine the flesh of the Crimson Goddess into soul threads with the method of the Variant Immortal School!'

Xu Qing fell silent.

The woman opposite him increasingly felt that Xu Qing was unfathomable. The more Xu Qing didn't speak and she couldn't obtain any clues or details, the more her mind raced with various thoughts and speculations.

These speculations made Xu Qing even more mysterious in her mind.

Just like that, time flowed by. In this silence, an hour passed.

Looking at the dark sky and sensing that dawn was about to arrive, Xu Qing slowly frowned.

According to his understanding of the captain, the other party usually wasn't so slow; rather, he tended to favor quick and decisive actions, which aligned more with his temperament.

But now, it was taking a little too long.

 "Something might have happened to that friend of yours…"

Seeing that dawn was about to arrive, the mysterious woman hesitated for a moment before speaking.

However, the instant she finished speaking, the resplendent mountain where the Star Emperor Branch Sect was located suddenly shone and a figure rushed out.

It was the captain.

He looked ragged all over, quite disheveled, with numerous wounds covering his body, each one a gaping hole from which blood gushed out incessantly. However, despite his condition, his expression was remarkably uplifted.

After he appeared, he only glanced at Xu Qing and Xu Qing understood his intentions. He didn't hesitate at all. With a raise of his hand, 310,000 soul threads erupted outwards, forming a vast earth child.

He released it with all his might.

This huge beetle emitted a terrifying pressure from its entire body. Divinity fluctuated outside, while its essence was the power of a cultivator. It let out a soundless roar at the sky and pressured the resplendent mountain behind the captain.

At the next instant, fluctuations spread from the resplendent mountain. Dozens of figures rushed out from within. All of them emitted fury and intense killing intent.

However, the moment they appeared, it was precisely when Xu Qing's earth child descended.

A rumbling sound echoed through the sky.

What was even more astonishing was that with a thought from Xu Qing, his soul threads erupted and transformed, forming a divine creature called yin fiend.

Yin fiend was a divine creature that appeared in the west of the Wanggu Continent. It looked similar to a spider but its body wasn't circular but long, like a centipede.

To a certain extent, it was more like a fusion between a spider and a centipede.

After it appeared, it opened its mouth, spewing out black threads. There were countless of them, forming a large net that directly enveloped the resplendent mountain.

It blocked the dozens of people who were about to chase after them.

After doing this, Xu Qing didn't hesitate at all. He directly crushed a teleportation token and his figure instantly disappeared.

Meanwhile, taking advantage of the time bought by Xu Qing's interception, the captain also managed to escape, crushing a teleportation token and disappearing without a trace.

Throughout the entire process, they didn't say a word. It was just a glance…

As for the woman, although she didn't have the tacit understanding with Xu Qing and the captain, she also quickly left and hid in the night.

However, at the next instant, her hidden figure suddenly erupted with a piercing blue light that was especially eye-

catching in the dark night.

The expression of the speeding woman changed. She didn't need to analyze it to immediately guess that this must be the doing of Chen Daqing and Ergou. As for who it was, she felt that the possibility of it being Chen Daqing was the highest.

"Damn it!"

The woman hid again but her body still emitted light. In her anxiety, she activated a secret art and spat out a mouthful of blood before forcefully suppressing the light.

At the same time, the resplendent mountain rumbled. Experts attacked and directly blasted open the seal. As the soul threads dissipated one after another, a white-haired old man rushed out.

This old man wore a starry sky robe and his face was ashen. His eyes were filled with anger. After he walked out, he looked at the empty surroundings and then at the place where the woman's blue light disappeared. His voice echoed with killing intent.

"Check the surroundings and search for all clues, especially the location of the blue light. Also, report it to the main sect. We must find the thief!"

The expressions of the dozens of people behind him were also unsightly. They nodded and began to pursue. Most of them rushed in the direction the woman's blue light disappeared in.

As for the old man, he suppressed the anger that was about to erupt and turned to look at the mountain peak. As he looked at the remnants of the spell there, a puzzled expression gradually appeared on his face.

He vaguely felt that he had seen traces of this spell somewhere before.

Hence, he lifted his right hand and grabbed fiercely, grabbing a piece of mountain rock that had come into contact with Xu Qing's soul thread. He held it before him and took a closer look. In the end, disbelief appeared in his gaze and his pupils instantly narrowed.

He realized what it was!

"Soul threads of the Variant Immortal School?"

The Variant Immortal School was once the number one sect in Imperial Academy. Although it had declined now, it was very famous. Since ancient times, there had been a lot of people who had learned the cultivation arts of the Variant Immortal School.

Hence, to the experts in the Imperial City, they weren't unfamiliar with this. However, it had been too many years since an outstanding individual appeared in the Variant Immortal School. As a result, there had been fewer and fewer cultivators, so the old man didn't think of it immediately.

After thinking of the Variant Immortal School, the old man's mind instinctively recalled the earth child and yin fiend, as well as the pressure emitted by these two divine creatures.

All of this instantly caused waves in his heart.

"Mastery stage of the Variant Immortal School's cultivation art!"

The old man suddenly turned his head and looked into the distance. After that, he took out a jade slip and immediately transmitted his voice to the main sect, asking for information about the Variant Immortal School.

As the information was transmitted, the more he read, the more bewildered he became. Recalling the two godly creatures from before and contrasting them to the information, his mind slowly rumbled.

"50,000 soul threads is the threshold of mastery stage."

"100,000 soul threads is the peak of mastery…"

"However, from the fluctuations, the godly creature that just appeared here has more than 100,000 soul threads. That's formed by hundreds of thousands of soul threads!"

"This matter…"

The old man rushed out and headed straight for the main sect.

As the sun rose in the distance, the sky gradually dispelled the darkness and lit up.

Xu Qing had already returned to Ning Yan's mansion but there was no sign of the captain.

Xu Qing was already used to this and didn't care. In any case, since the captain had teleported away, he couldn't die.

As for what the captain had stolen from the Star Emperor Branch Sect, Xu Qing wasn't particularly curious. At that moment, his focus was on the cultivation art of the Variant Immortal School.

"Everything I did tonight was done using the Variant Immortal School's cultivation art, so the possibility of me being exposed is extremely slim."

"Then, the most critical thing now is to see if I can refine the flesh of Crimson Goddess into soul threads."

Xu Qing walked into the confidential chamber and sealed the surroundings to isolate the aura. He then took out the ancient sun and made it float above his head to suppress his surroundings. Only then did he sit down cross-legged. A sharp glint appeared in his gaze as he took out a piece of Crimson Goddess' flesh.

As soon as this flesh appeared, terrifying godly fluctuations rose.

Xu Qing focused and began refining.

Time flowed by.

In the early morning outside, snowflakes were still falling on the Imperial City. Everything looked very calm but as the Star Emperor's branch sect investigated, the news of the theft began to circulate within the city.

It was destined that a storm that would cause a sensation in Imperial Academy was about to form.































































"The Star Emperor's branch sect was robbed!"

"It is said that many things were lost, one of which was a stone book placed in the restricted area. This book seemed ordinary on regular days, but on stormy nights, a vague shadow would appear."

"The Star Emperor Supreme Sect had studied it for a long time, and it was eventually deciphered as a special recording stone. The vague shadow inside is a Core Formation cultivator from ancient times. It has archaeological value, but little practical value."

"Losing this stone is one thing, but the other stolen items are outrageous… It's said that in one area, all the trees, bricks, and even buildings were dismantled by thirty percent. Some places were stripped to a depth of three feet, as if locusts had invaded the fields…"

"What's even more unbelievable is that some clothes were also stolen!"

"What's going on… Why steal them?"

Although the Star Emperor Branch Sect wasn't large, its origin was one of the ten super sects of the human race after all. Its every move would naturally attract attention, especially a matter like theft.

Coupled with the bizarreness of the lost items.

Hence, the news of the theft continued to spread. More and more people heard about it and were bewildered.

Gradually, through some channels, someone discovered some secret information. This information was like cold water falling into hot oil, instantly exploding.

"One of the thieves actually cast a mastery stage Variant Immortal School art!"

"Moreover, according to the judgment of the Star Emperor Branch Sect, this person's soul threads have reached an unprecedented number of hundreds of thousands, surpassing the two ancestors of the Variant Immortal School!"



"How is this possible? I've also checked the Variant Immortal School's art. Its cultivation speed is extremely slow. If someone wants to cultivate hundreds of thousands of soul threads… Putting aside whether their soul can support this separation, just the time needed will be close to 10,000 years!!"

"Unbelievable!"

The news spread rapidly, forming a storm. As it spread through the entire Imperial Capital, it also naturally entered the Imperial Academy.

At noon, a large number of students gathered outside the Variant Immortal School. All of them looked at the Variant Immortal School's white tower in disbelief and discussed among themselves.

This was because the representative of the Star Emperor Supreme Sect had already applied to enter the white tower and hadn't walked out yet.

After about fifteen minutes, the representative of the Star Emperor Supreme Sect walked out with a grim expression and quickly left.

Following him were the head of the Variant Immortal School and three disciples.

Although the masks of Imperial Academy hid their emotions greatly at this moment, the shock in the eyes of the four of them still displayed the unease in their hearts.

Their current mood was mixed with shock, confusion, excitement, and fanaticism.

Regarding what had happened in the Star Emperor Branch Sect, they had heard about it but didn't pay attention to it. It was only when they heard of the mysterious master of the Variant Immortal School art that they were shaken.

After that, the representative of the Star Emperor Supreme Sect found them and told them many details as well as investigated the information of those who cultivated the Variant Immortal School art. Only then did they truly know the whole details.

The commotion in their minds had long reached the limit.

The investigation of the Star Emperor Supreme Sect gained no results from the Variant Immortal School. Although there were only four core disciples who cultivated the Variant Immortal School art over the years, in reality, there were also cultivation arts related to the Variant Immortal School in the outside world.

After all, the establishment of the Imperial Academy was to break down sectarian barriers and make techniques accessible to everyone. So, even though the Variant Immortal School had regulations stating that only core members could study certain techniques, in practice, this rule often wasn't significant.

Hence, since ancient times, there were many people who knew about the art of the Variant Immortal School. Wanting to investigate was like searching for a needle in a haystack.

Under inertial thinking, people would instinctively think that there was a certain chance that this mysterious master was the school head, but there was a greater possibility… this mysterious cultivator was an old fellow who had hidden for thousands of years!

Everyone had different opinions about who it was. The outside world didn't know, let alone the four people from the Variant Immortal School.

At that moment, standing outside the white tower, the head of the Variant Immortal School suppressed the excitement in his heart and tried his best to calm down. His gaze swept across the surroundings.

He sighed endlessly with emotion.

"How many years has it been since the Variant Immortal School received such attention and was surrounded by so many students…"

As his heart churned, he was filled with gratitude and pride for that mysterious person who had mastered the Variant Immortal School art. Hence, he took a deep breath and spoke loudly.

"This old man doesn't know how the Star Emperor Branch Sect provoked that hidden senior of our school, causing the senior to mete out a small punishment. However, my Variant Immortal School can take responsibility for this matter!"

"Since ancient times, many people have learned our cultivation arts and it has been passed down from generation to generation. Hence, there are too many experts of our cultivation arts in the human race."

 "Originally, I didn't want to reveal this matter because my school has always kept a low profile and doesn't participate in secular disputes. I planned to interact with the outside world like an ordinary school, but today… since my school's senior has made a move, we don't need to hide it anymore."

"That's right, this person is one of the experts of our school!"

The school head of the Variant Immortal School spoke proudly. His voice echoed, causing an uproar among the countless students in the surroundings. Amidst the commotion, the school head placed his hands behind his back and walked back to the white tower with his head held high.

The three disciples also followed excitedly.

It was only when the four of them returned to the tower and the gate of the tower closed that the three disciples couldn't suppress the excitement in their hearts anymore. They all looked at the school head.

"Teacher, what's going on?"

"Teacher, does our Variant Immortal School really have so many experts?"

"Hundreds of thousands of soul threads. How… how is this possible?"

The three of them spoke in trembling voices.

The school head raised his head and calmly spoke.

"Ignorant!"

If it was in the past, these three disciples would definitely talk back. Anyway, the school head couldn't do anything to them. They even wanted to be expelled.

But today, these three individuals were unusually obedient. One stepped forward to massage the school head's shoulders, another fanned him, and the third took the initiative to organize the jade slips. Each of them looked eagerly at the school head.

The school head felt comfortable. It had been a long time since he experienced such treatment, so he calmly spoke.

"Alright. Although the three of you have made some small mistakes over the years, you didn't make any major mistakes. You can be considered to have passed the assessment. In that case, it's time for me to tell you some things."

When the three disciples heard this, their ears instantly pricked up and their emotions surged.

The school head swept his gaze over and felt even more comfortable as he slowly bragged.

"This old man naturally knows this senior's identity. What I said to the outside world previously was also true."

"Our school was once extremely glorious. It attracted attention which became unfavorable to cultivation. After that, the ancestor made a secret agreement for the future disciples to keep a low profile and face the outside world with an ordinary identity."

"Hence, they allowed the school to decline."

"However, in reality… our Variant Immortal School only went from the light to the dark. There are many people in the school who have hundreds of thousands of soul threads. There's even one who has a million soul threads!"

"This matter is top secret. You can't spread it to outsiders! Now, hurry up and organize those books and put them away in order!"

The school head snorted coldly.

The three disciples gasped and quickly nodded. Although they still couldn't believe it, their current attitude had completely reversed. They immediately went to the place where the school head used to be and did what the school head had done…

Just like that, the storm about the Variant Immortal School became even more violent in the Imperial Academy and the Imperial Capital as the Variant Immortal School acknowledged it.

Time flowed by and a day passed. The next morning.

Xu Qing opened his eyes in the secret chamber.

For the entire day, he gave it his all and kept trying to absorb the flesh of the Crimson Goddess using the Variant Immortal School. He had failed during this period but in the end, he still succeeded to a certain extent.

"The conversion is a little low…"

Xu Qing frowned and sensed that there were nearly 500,000 soul threads permeating his sea of consciousness.

He had absorbed more than 50 pieces of Crimson Goddess's flesh in exchange for the additional over 150,000.

In reality, a piece of Crimson Goddess's flesh could support him in activating his second form. Hence, Xu Qing knew that this conversion efficiency wasn't high enough.

Fortunately, the flesh of Crimson Goddess didn't disappear after being absorbed. They were just shriveled and there were still divine source in their depths. However, the divine source was too closely integrated with the flesh and couldn't be refined.

"It's worth it!"

A sharp glint appeared in Xu Qing's eyes. At that moment, after he became a little more familiar with it, he could control the soul threads to instantly form the second god form. He didn't need to add the power of the Crimson Goddess' flesh.

"There are still more than a hundred pieces of Crimson Goddess' flesh… I need a higher-level Variant Immortal School art. This way, I might be able to refine more."

"After all, the third layer of god form… might not be weaved even with a million divine source soul threads."

Xu Qing remained silent. A long time later, he stood up and proceeded out of the residence under the morning sun, heading to Imperial Academy.

As for the captain, he still hadn't returned.

Xu Qing didn't care. He walked all the way to the gate of the Imperial Academy. The moment he stepped in, he appeared in a random area in the Imperial Academy like he was teleported. His clothes also changed and a mask appeared on his face.

There were many people here and the bustling sounds seemed to be more than usual.

Xu Qing identified the direction. On the way to the Variant Immortal School, the discussions in the surroundings couldn't help but ring out. Xu Qing was unmoved as he listened to the discussion about the mysterious cultivator from the Variant Immortal School.

A while later, after passing the crowd, Xu Qing saw the white tower of the Variant Immortal School. This place was completely different from usual. There were dozens of students politely asking for guidance on the Variant Immortal School's art.

The school head sat inside, looking dignified.

The three disciples each raised their heads and answered the questions.

After noticing Xu Qing's arrival, the school head nodded indifferently. The three disciples immediately summoned him and pulled him over. One of them's voice revealed pride as he spoke in a low voice.

"Why didn't you come yesterday? You heard about the major event regarding our Variant Immortal School, right?"

"Let me tell you, our Variant Immortal School has actually been hiding all along. The true us are extremely powerful. That senior with hundreds of thousands of soul threads is one of the ancestors of our school!"

The disciple was about to say more when the school head coughed.

"Someone's here. Xuan Leizi, go and receive them."

Xu Qing cupped his hands. The disciple who was speaking also immediately fell silent and said one last sentence.

"There are some things that you can't know yet since you just joined. Anyway, perform well. We… are actually very powerful!"

Xu Qing blinked. He had long expected this scene. Hence, he put on an excited expression and nodded vigorously. After that, he looked at the gate where seven to eight disciples were walking over.

Xu Qing stepped forward and calmly spoke.

"Everyone, what are you here for? If you want to understand the Variant Immortal School art, I can answer you."

In Xu Qing's eyes, because of the rules of Imperial Academy, these seven to eight disciples were all the same. However, one of them was cautious at this moment. While others were asking Xu Qing, their gaze quickly swept past everyone, including Xu Qing.

Finally, they stared at the school head a few more times and muttered inwardly.

'The outside world uttered that the cultivator from the Variant Immortal School is an old fellow who has lived for thousands of years. However, when I fought with him that day, the vicissitudes of life on him weren't very obvious. He doesn't seem to speak much, so he should have a taciturn personality. Could it be Ergou… is this school head?!'

At the believed of this, the student casually asked Xu Qing.

"Student, I have the intention to join the Variant Immortal School and want to understand more about it. For example, our school head should have a taciturn personality, right? He doesn't seem to be very old either…"

When Xu Qing learned this, he glanced at this person and a trace of vigilance rose in his heart.































































However, it was a pity that the students from the Imperial Academy wore the same attire and mask. There were also changes to their auras, causing it to be very difficult to identify their true identities from their voices and appearances.

Even their gender couldn't be seen.

Hence, although Xu Qing was vigilant, he couldn't immediately confirm the identity of the person in front of him.

After all… with such a big event related to the Variant Immortal School occurring, and with increasing attention from the outside world, there were naturally more than just one person coming to probe.

Hence, Xu Qing's gaze swept past the student and he spoke softly.

"I just joined the Variant Immortal School and don't know much about it. However, from what I've seen since I arrived, the school head is indeed like that."

When the student heard this, she fell into deep thought. After sizing up the school head carefully, she retracted her gaze and looked at Xu Qing.

While this was the first time she had paid attention to Xu Qing, the Variant Immortal School had so few members that after this incident, some information had already been dug up.

Even though the true identities of these disciples of the Variant Immortal School were unknown, most of the observant individuals knew about the time they had joined the Variant Immortal School and their usual performance.

Hence, the information she had contained details of this disciple who called himself Xuan Leizi.

She knew that the other party had just joined recently, and this fact, while it made her speculate, also indirectly dispelled suspicion.

From what she knew, it was impossible for the person from the day before to be someone who had just joined the school.

As for Xuan Leizi's true identity, she wasn't interested. At that moment, what she was paying attention to was the person who had mastered the Variant Immortal School art. Hence, after a few simple questions, she simply walked out and arrived in front of the school head who was sitting there with his eyes closed. She then bowed.

"School head, I want to join the Variant Immortal School."



Her actions attracted the attention of everyone in the white tower. After such a major event happened to the Variant Immortal School, while many students came to inquire, she was the first to formally propose joining.

Xu Qing raised his brows under the mask and the vigilance in his heart grew even stronger. This person's probing earlier could be explained but it was a little strange for them to enter so decisively.

Hence, even the school head of the Variant Immortal School opened his eyes and looked at the student in front of him.

His eyes were filled with dignity as he swept his gaze across them. He was clearly overjoyed, but his voice was still calm as he calmly spoke.

"My school has an agreement. We won't teach anyone other than the core disciples."

"Sure! However, I have three questions. I hope the school head can clear my doubts." The mysterious woman from that day revealed determination as she bowed and spoke.

The school head's gaze swept across the students in the white tower. After discovering that everyone was paying attention, he smiled slightly.

"Okay."

"Disciple's first question is that I heard that the technique of our school to condense soul threads requires the continuous strengthening of the soul. I wonder if there are any profound methods for nurturing the soul in the Variant Immortal School?"

As she spoke, she carefully observed the gaze of the school head in front of her.

There was no fluctuation in the school head's eyes. His voice calmly echoed.

"The thought of the Summer Immortal can transform into an immortal body; when this thought falls into the sea, the soul can also be formed."

Everyone in the white tower hesitated. If it was any other time, they would have scoffed at it. After all, this statement seemed more like a metaphor than anything else.

However, with such a major event happening and a master of Variant Immortal School art appearing with hundreds of thousands of soul threads, it had already proved everything. Hence, everyone couldn't help but think seriously.

Even the three core disciples fell silent.

Only Xu Qing blinked.

The mysterious woman fell silent and frowned under her mask. After some thought, she asked the second question.

"School head, may I ask if the formation of the soul threads of the Variant Immortal School is really as slow as the rumors say?"

This sentence was also the focus of the attention of the other students in the white tower. Even the three disciples of the Variant Immortal School listened attentively.

The school head lifted his chin with a hint of pride in his eyes. His voice was filled with confidence as it echoed.

"A thousand years ago, our school had already changed our cultivation art and divided it into two parts, inner and outer. Moreover, the ancestor left a rule that only core disciples who have reached a certain seniority can be taught the inner methods."

 "Outer methods are indeed slow but inner methods are fast!"

As soon as these words were spoken, everyone's expressions changed. Although they were suspicious, when they thought of the mysterious master of the hundreds of thousands of soul threads, all of them hesitated.

The mysterious woman was the same. Her frown deepened. She felt that this school head in front of her wasn't simple. His answer was watertight and didn't reveal any useful clues.

Hence, after a while of silence, she didn't ask the third question. Instead, she made up her mind and immediately bowed.

"Disciple has no more questions. I'm willing to become a core disciple and join the Variant Immortal School."

The school head nodded slightly and thought to himself, 'You want to test me with just this?'

In reality, as the school head, he naturally discerned the implications behind the student's questions. However, he remained composed. Even though he didn't know the identity of the mysterious adept, it didn't deter him from seizing this opportunity to enhance the prestige of the school.

After all, no matter what, the mysterious person did indeed display the soul threads of the Variant Immortal School.

That was enough.

As for the identity of this mysterious master, he felt that the other party would definitely appear at the appropriate time.

He didn't care about the dissatisfaction of the Star Emperor Supreme Sect caused by the other party's theft.

As a school of Imperial Academy, their status was extraordinary.

At the thought of this, he waved his hand and a jade slip flew over, landing in front of the mysterious woman.

The woman caught it and imprinted her identity without hesitation.

"Go and join your four senior brothers."

The school head calmly spoke and closed his eyes in silence.

Xu Qing watched the entire process. At that moment, the vigilance in his heart was extremely high.

'With such questions, it can be said that this person's really interested in the Variant Immortal School. It can also be said that they have ulterior motives. It's very difficult to distinguish.'

'However, there's an explanation that can explain everything and is logical as well. That is… this person has fought with me before.'

'Could it be her?'

Xu Qing narrowed his eyes and calmly glanced at the student.

Just like that, the day passed.

On this day, this new woman, together with Xu Qing and the other three, received hundreds of students. During this time, she observed Xu Qing and the others and occasionally asked some seemingly casual questions.

However, she soon placed her attention on the school head.

She was observing the school head while Xu Qing was observing her.

The more he looked, the clearer Xu Qing's guess was. When night fell, Xu Qing felt that the possibility of the other party being that mysterious woman was about 50 to 60%.

Xu Qing felt that as time passed, he would definitely be able to see more details. After all… the other party was someone with motives, and so was he.

Hence, when night fell, Xu Qing bade farewell to the school head and his fellow disciples and left the white tower, returning to the mansion.

to the mansion.

Recalling his experience during the day, Xu Qing closed his eyes and took out the flesh of Crimson Goddess before starting to cultivate.

Time flowed by and half a month passed in the blink of an eye.

The storm surrounding the Variant Immortal School's mysterious master, lacking second incident, remained more of a castle in the air, despite the school head's repeated public declarations attempting to reignite it.

In the end, the storm still slowly dissipated with the flow of time.

The number of students heading to the Variant Immortal School's white tower every day also gradually increased from a few hundred to dozens.

Even so, compared to the past when there was no one around, it was a tremendous change.

There were also nine more students who joined. Now, there were a total of 13.

The backgrounds of these people were very complicated. Their daily inquiries also became more direct with time. As for Xu Qing and the other three earliest disciples, they were even more united and would occasionally chat with each other.

In addition, through his observations in the past half a month, Xu Qing was basically certain that the fifth disciple… was that mysterious woman from back then.

He still remembered the aura of the other party's attack. It felt like a cultivator's energy but not, seemingly divine but not, as if it were another kind of power, more domineering than cultivator's energy, more fierce than divinity.

'What is it?'

Xu Qing recalled the schools of the Imperial Academy he had checked but couldn't find any clues. Hence, he kept this matter in his mind.

As for his cultivation and the refinement of the soul threads, they had reached a new height in this half a month.

The Variant Immortal School indeed had a profound soul refinement technique, and its cultivation speed was indeed faster than the ordinary cultivation art. In order to prove his words back then, the school head of the Variant Immortal School brought out this cultivation art but only gave it to Xu Qing and the other three.

He stated that this was only transitional and not the true inner technique.

He intended to provide subsequent parts based on different lengths of time the disciples had joined the school and different aptitudes.

These words had a certain effect, causing the spies from all directions, who were originally a little dissatisfied, to pay attention and be tempted again.

This cultivation art could indeed increase a certain level of efficiency but in reality, it didn't increase much. To the other three core disciples, it was just refining one or two additional soul threads every month.

However, it was different with Xu Qing.

Using this even additional profound Variant Immortal School art, he obtained even more soul threads when refining the flesh of Crimson Goddess.

This way, after half a month passed and he refined all the flesh of Crimson Goddess to the limit, Xu Qing's soul threads had reached nearly a million.

He was solely short of three.

Tonight, Xu Qing planned to condense the remaining three in one go.

As Xu Qing looked into his sea of consciousness at the divine source soul threads that almost filled up all the areas, he fell into deep thought.

These soul threads weren't as active as before. They had become a little heavier and emitted an aura of transformation.

Xu Qing fell silent. He had a feeling that once the number of soul threads reached a million, a new change might appear.

He didn't know what it stood as exactly and there were no such records. After all, since ancient times, no one from the Variant Immortal School had piled up their own soul threads to such a terrifying extent.

Even the creator of the cultivation art didn't expect someone to be able to refine it to such an extent.

Xu Qing's eyes gleamed. The feeling that he stood as about to undergo a transformation was very intense.

"What changes will happen…"

Xu Qing closed his eyes and began to cultivate according to the cultivation method of the Variant Immortal School.

After about fifteen minutes, a soul thread manifested in his sea of consciousness.

As it appeared, all the soul threads trembled in unison.

The aura of transformation became even denser.

Xu Qing continued. An hour later, the second soul thread stood as formed. Xu Qing's sea of consciousness began to rumble and churned intensely.

Two hours later, when the last soul thread manifested in his sea of consciousness, the million soul threads instantly became complete.

An unprecedented huge change suddenly occurred in Xu Qing's sea of consciousness!































































The million soul threads in Xu Qing's sea of consciousness erupted, spreading through his mind and gushing into his soul. After that, they spread throughout his body and finally formed a vortex in his sea of consciousness.

They spun violently.

At the same time, lightning flashed in the sky of the Imperial City, tearing through the sky as if heralding the birth of something that shouldn't exist in the world, thus attracting the attention of the Heavenly Dao.

However, soon after, this sense of attention inexplicably vanished, as if whatever was about to appear here had been ignored by the Heavenly Dao for some unknown reason.

In fact, it even helped in concealing it by changing the heavenly lightning into ordinary lightning.

However, the light from the lightning still illuminated everything under the night sky in a flash.

In the darkness of the night, someone woke up abruptly during meditation in a secret chamber, someone paused in their swift run on the streets, someone fell silent during discussions in the Imperial Academy, someone focused intently within a tall building, and someone raised their head in the palace.

In the end, under the cover of the Heavenly Dao, they gained nothing.

Hence, other than a few people who continued to pay attention, most of the other cultivators in the Imperial City retracted their thoughts. They went on with whatever they were doing.

It was the same for the person who was in the midst of a discussion in the Imperial Academy. He retracted his perception and looked at the 39 students sitting around him.

"School head, what happened?"



Among the students, someone asked.

"It's just a passing whim, carry on without me." Withdrawing his perception, a figure clad in coarse linen robes and wearing a mask signaled to the students. From his attire, it was evident that he was the school head.

And the white tower they were in was none other than the building of the Divine Fusion School.

The students below nodded when they heard this. They continued the previous topic and discussed the Variant Immortal School.

If it was any other school, with the current status of the Divine Fusion School, they wouldn't care. However, the Variant Immortal School was different. At the root… the essence of the Variant Immortal School and the Divine Fusion School were like fire and water.

One was weaving a divine image in one's mind, paying attention to the completeness of the person.

The other was to replace the body and ultimately throw away all traces of the person, leaving only the mind.

One's target was to become a Variant Immortal, while the other's goal was to become a divine being.

These two completely contradictory concepts determined that only one of these two paths could thrive.

This was also one of the reasons why the Variant Immortal School had declined to the extreme previously. Other than its own factors, the rise of the Divine Fusion School sped up this process.

Hence, when the mysterious master with hundreds of thousands of soul threads appeared, it attracted the attention of the Divine Fusion School.

Even though half a month had passed and the popularity of the Variant Immortal School had decreased because that mysterious person hadn't appeared again, one could imagine that if the other party appeared again, the attention on the Variant Immortal School would definitely continue to rise.

When that time came, it would present an opportunity for the Variant Immortal School to rise once more.

This was also the main subject of this internal meeting of the Divine Fusion Style.

Regarding this matter, among the upper echelons of the Divine Fusion School present, some were wary, while others suspected that the rumors were baseless. Everyone had different opinions.

Finally, the head of the Divine Fusion School raised his hand and the white tower instantly fell silent. All the high-level students looked at their school head in unison.

Their eyes were filled with respect.

"There's no need to care about the matter of the Variant Immortal School. Soon… a person of a distinguished status will publicly join my Divine Fusion School. His participation will add icing on the cake for my Divine Fusion School."

"You guys go and prepare. This person will come in three days."

As the school head's voice rang out, his calm tone caused these high-level students to calm down and nod their heads.

The meeting ended here.

At the same time, the lightning outside dissipated, leaving only the sound echoing. In Ning Yan's residence, in the secret chamber, Xu Qing slowly opened his eyes.

His eyes revealed an intense light and his expression was filled with surprise. There was even a hint of confusion as he frowned.

"What is this…"

 Xu Qing mumbled. When he lifted his hand, a purple snowflake penetrated his flesh and floated in front of him.

In his sea of consciousness, the vortex formed by a million soul threads was still spinning, as though it had no beginning or end.

As it rotated, a chill appeared inside. Gradually, purple snowflakes rose from the vortex.

There weren't many snowflakes, only 100.

After sensing his sea of consciousness, Xu Qing retracted his divine sense and stared at the snowflake floating in his palm.

After pondering for a moment, he took out the voice transmission jade slip and sent a message to the Sword Holders. Not long later, a malevolent ferocious beast used for experiments was sent over.

Looking at the wolf-like ferocious beast in front of him, Xu Qing didn't hesitate. He lifted his right hand and waved it. Immediately, the snowflake headed straight for the beast's forehead. The instant it touched it, the beast's entire body trembled and it let out a mournful cry.

At the next moment, the snowflake seemed to have a life of its own and corroded the space between the beast's brows, directly penetrating its flesh and disappearing.

The strange thing was that the wound on its forehead rapidly healed and the traces disappeared.

As for this wolf beast, it gradually stopped moving and closed its eyes, looking like it was dead.

However, its aura was still there. A while later, it suddenly opened its eyes. The instant it looked at Xu Qing, Xu Qing's heart stirred.

He had a feeling that everything about the beast seemed to have a mysterious connection with him, and the core of this connection was the purple snowflake.

It didn't disappear but existed in the wolf beast's body.

It fused with its flesh and blood and became one with it.

A dark glint appeared in Xu Qing's eyes. He lifted his hand and grabbed the beast from afar. His divine consciousness fused into it. After taking a closer look, his expression changed slightly. He could sense that soul threads were forming in the beast's body…

"Interesting."

Xu Qing mumbled. After that, he lifted his hand and cut open the wolf beast's body. He checked its flesh and confirmed again.

Very soon, the wolf beast was decomposed. The purple snowflake flew out and floated in front of Xu Qing.

Xu Qing thought about it and got someone to send over ten beasts. He tested the snowflakes on them. Just like that, the night passed. After many experiments, the moment morning arrived, Xu Qing, who walked out of the secret chamber, had a better understanding of the hundred snowflakes formed by his million soul threads.

However, the price of this understanding was the strong smell of blood in the secret chamber and the butchered wolf corpses on the ground…

Xu Qing didn't care about these. A look of comprehension appeared in his eyes.

"These 100 snowflakes are seeds!"

"When the wolf beasts fused with the snowflakes, their bodies didn't have any abnormality. Everything is normal. There's no discomfort at all and their vitality isn't affected. Only their bodies will produce soul threads on their own."

"These soul threads are formed from their souls, so the drawback is that if they don't have enough soul power, they might wither and die."

"This snowflake… looks gentle but it's actually domineering. After spreading out, if it is used as a weapon, it can devour the enemy's soul… and transform it into my soul threads."

"At the same time, it can also parasitize. If a person who cultivates a Variant Immortal School art fuses with this seed, in theory, their cultivation speed will reach an astonishing level as long as they have enough soul power."

"However, they will still be restricted by me. As long as I will it, I can take out the seed. Although it won't affect the other party's life, all the soul threads gathered during this period will be lost."

On the way to Imperial Academy, Xu Qing sensed the 100 purple snowflakes in his body and analyzed.

"My understanding of these snowflakes isn't enough. I need to do more experiments to understand them more comprehensively."

Before he completely understood it, Xu Qing didn't plan to use it rashly. Hence, after entering the Imperial Academy, he retracted his thoughts and stepped into the Variant Immortal School.

Now that there were nine more disciples in the Variant Immortal School, it was much livelier than before. The school head no longer needed to do the work himself as there were naturally disciples who would do them for him.

As for Xu Qing and his three senior brothers, due to their qualifications and the fact that fewer people came to the Variant Immortal School every day, they were very free. Hence, the newsletters of the Variant Immortal School also reopened.

Just like that, three days passed. Every night, when Xu Qing returned to the residence, he would study the snowflakes. On the fourth day, a piece of news spread in Imperial Academy.

The Seventh Prince announced that he was going to join the Divine Fusion School and was scheduled to officially head to the white tower of the Divine Fusion School to meet the school head at noon today.

In the Imperial Academy, it was forbidden to reveal one's identity. However, if one publicized it outside, it wouldn't be within the rules.

This was especially so after the Human Emperor's 12 incense sticks stood behind the rainbow bridge. This was the first time there was any news about a prince's movements, so it attracted attention in the Imperial City.

This news also caused a heated discussion in the Imperial Academy. This was especially so for the students of the Divine Fusion School. After all, this was the first time such a thing had happened to the Imperial Academy.

In the past, even if there were such cases, they wouldn't reveal their identities like this. Hence, no one in the outside world would know about the schools the princes had joined.

However, the meaning of the Seventh Prince's high-profile announcement was clearly different. This was equivalent to tying himself completely to the Divine Fusion School.

He indeed stepped into Imperial Academy at noon on this day. Under the escort of some students from the Divine Fusion School, a group of people bustled about as they walked toward the white tower of the Divine Fusion School.

On the way, they passed by the Variant Immortal School.

Xu Qing looked at the Seventh Prince who was surrounded by the crowd. Although the other party was wearing the clothes of a student, this scene reminded him of the time when the other party entered Fenghai County as a savior.

At that time, Xu Qing was additionally watching from afar.

The scene was exactly the same.

Xu Qing's gaze was as usual but his heart was cold.

As for the core disciples who joined later, they also saw the commotion outside and had their own thoughts.

However, the three core students before Xu Qing joined didn't think too much about it. Their focus was still on the newsletters. Hence, they pulled Xu Qing along and participated in the recording of the newsletters.

Seeing this, the school head of the Variant Immortal School, who was sitting there, perceived a little anxious. He felt that the opportunity for the Variant Immortal School to rise had arrived, but no matter how hard he tried, he couldn't completely grasp it.

In fact, during this period of time, he had also been searching for that senior who had reached the mastery stage but to no avail.

'This won't do. I'm already taking the blame for that senior. Logically speaking, he should give me a chance to meet him…'

The academy head of the Variant Immortal School was anxious. As the school head, through the clues earlier, he had already made a judgment in his mind. He felt that that enigmatic master must have grasped some methods that others didn't know about.

Otherwise, in theory, it was impossible for hundreds of thousands of soul threads to appear with the Variant Immortal School art.

'I don't ask for anything else. As long as he can give me some pointers on the method to cultivate hundreds of thousands of soul threads, the Variant Immortal School will definitely rise!'

'If there are just ten or so masters with hundreds of thousands of soul threads… Even if there are solely a few of them, they will be able to push the Variant Immortal School to the peak. This means that this path is correct!'

While the academy head was sighing with emotion, the enigmatic master he had been longing for was imprinting the newsletter with the three disciples in the corner on his right.

"Shocking Secret. So the Seventh Prince Actually Joined the Divine Fusion School for Her!"

"Unspeakable Relationship Between the Chief Disciple of the Verdant Path School and Its School Head Revealed!"

"Crisis of the Divine Fusion School's Chief Disciple Position: Is It the Distortion of Humanity or the Loss of Morality? Read in This Late-Night Premium Paper: Where Did My Treasure Go?"































































The Seventh Prince's participation was indeed icing on the cake for the Divine Fusion School. Their students felt even more sense of pride surging within them.

A prince was a special identity, and this kind of public announcement was equivalent to spreading the news to the outside world. This caused more people to believe in the Divine Fusion School, which already had many students in Imperial Academy.

After all, even a prince had chosen the Divine Fusion, which would be a clear signal to many people.

And the Seventh Prince himself naturally became the spokesperson for the school, attracting widespread attention from the outside world.

This feeling was what the Seventh Prince needed. Since the death of King Tian Lan, he had returned to the capital in a sorry state, like a stray dog. All his former glory had vanished, forcing him to choose to be discreet and avoid confrontation with Xu Qing.

The resentment in his heart had long since become extremely intense.

He was waiting for his fifth brother to return.

The Fifth Prince was his biological brother. Compared to the other princes, the two of them were his closest relatives.

The Fifth Prince was second only to the eldest prince in terms of martial prowess among all the princes. He was known for his bravery and skill in battle, catching the attention of the emperor, who granted him the privilege of apprenticing under the First Heavenly King. He and the First Heavenly king stayed at the border of the Flame Moon, rarely returning to the Imperial City.

Some time ago, the Seventh Prince had received a secret report that his fifth brother was about to return.

This news greatly excited him. Hence, he followed his fifth brother's arrangements and joined the Divine Fusion School. He was determined to walk the path of Divine Fusion, even if it meant changing his cultivation technique.



The Divine Fusion School also made good use of this and provided great help to the Seventh Prince. After he joined the Divine Fusion School, the school head personally guided him in replacing his body parts.

Just like that, a month later, with the help of the Divine Fusion School, the Seventh Prince's cultivation advanced by leaps and bounds. 30% of his body was replaced with divine being's flesh, thereby breaking through the Spirit Repository and stepping into the first stage of Nihility.

The day he broke through, all the forces cast paid some attention to him.

The students in the Imperial Academy who hadn't joined the Divine Fusion School were also tempted.

In an instant, the position of the Divine Fusion School became even more stable. The believers once again soared and it became the true number one school. This indirectly affected the outside world, causing the cultivators in the capital to frequently mention the Divine Fusion School.

Such a thing had only happened during the heyday of the Variant Immortal School.

Divine Fusion was spreading among the human race.

Compared to the Divine Fusion School, which was at its peak, the Variant Immortal School became more and more quiet. It completely returned to normal.

Among the disciples arranged by the various forces to enter it, five of them disappeared and no longer came. Only the four latecomers, including the mysterious woman, persisted in appearing every day.

However, it was obvious that their motivation was lacking.

As for Xu Qing and the three core disciples from the start, they had no choice. Initially, they believed what the school head said, but gradually they began to have doubts. Now, they felt that it's just how things were.

In the end, their main focus was still on managing the newsletters. They pulled Xu Qing along and immersed themselves in it all day.

As for the school head… he kept on sighing to himself all day long. The persistence in his heart caused him to maintain his upright posture, but from the looks of it, he wouldn't be able to hold on for long.

If nothing unexpected happened, the Variant Immortal School would eventually return to its previous declined state.

However, something unexpected still happened… The newsletters of the Variant Immortal School became a fuse.

The purpose of the newspaper established by the three earliest disciples was not to seek the truth but to create sensational headlines with various gossips. Only in this way could it appeal to human nature and generate a certain level of sales.

Usually, they would make up stories about various schools. Since the Variant Immortal School was already declining, they had nothing to lose, while other schools, even if they were criticized, couldn't do anything about it.

There had been people who came looking for them before, but in the face of the Variant Immortal School that was like a latrine, they could only leave angrily.

After all, the Variant Immortal School was already like this. They were poor and there was nothing they could do.

In fact, the more they tried to look for trouble, the happier the disciples of the Variant Immortal School became. On the next day's news, they would emphasize this matter and use all kinds of hints to tell that the information in their newsletters was true.

As time passed, everyone stopped paying attention to it.

However, after the mysterious master appeared, to a certain extent, the newsletters had gained some popularity as well. Hence… after several times of posting gossip about the Divine Fusion School, the people from the Divine Fusion School came looking for them on this day.

The identity of the person who came wasn't simple. He was a famous student in the Divine Fusion School, second only to the chief student. There were also hundreds of students following behind him.

Their arrival attracted the attention of passersby.

 This was especially so when the anger in these people's eyes was intense. After stepping into the white tower of the Variant Immortal School, the atmosphere became even more tense.

The disciples in the white tower of the Variant Immortal School also put down what they were doing and looked at the angry disciples of the Divine Fusion School.

"Variant Immortal School, you guys are going too far!"

"As the peak school back then, it's fine if you have declined, but how can you be so shameless? For the sake of gimmicks, you are making up nonsense about other schools!"

"Especially your late-night premium newsletters!"

"Today, you have to give an explanation!"

The student from the Divine Fusion School spoke angrily, his eyes bloodshot.

As soon as he finished speaking, the disciples who had joined the Variant Immortal School turned their heads in unison and looked at Xu Qing and the other three in the corner.

Xu Qing's heart was calm as his gaze swept past these people. However, the three core disciples beside him instinctively took a few steps back, feeling a little guilty.

The late-night premium newsletter was a project they had added a month ago, taking advantage of the sudden popularity to bring them considerable profits.

The content was even bolder and more explicit. The feedback was not bad…

Seeing this, the school head, who was sitting there, felt annoyed. Hence, he glared fiercely at Xu Qing and the other three. He then turned his head and looked at the enraged Divine Fusion student.

"Noisy!"

As soon as he spoke, those students from the Divine Fusion School lowered their heads one after another. After all, he was a school head. According to the rules, he had to be respected. However, after he lowered his head, the Divine Fusion School student still spoke.

"All these years, the Variant Immortal School has not only fabricated rumors about our Divine Fusion School. In the entire Imperial Academy, which famous school or student hasn't been slandered by you?!"

"Such a shameless act will damage the dignity of the Variant Immortal School. I think that the mysterious master of the Variant Immortal School will also think that the Variant Immortal School is dirty after hearing about this."

"This might also be the reason why that senior never showed his face again. After all, if I were that senior, I would also be very ashamed of the current Variant Immortal School and feel ashamed to be associated with them."

"The current Variant Immortal School has not only lost its former glory but also its dignity and clarity of heart. It has become an anomaly of the Imperial Academy and is a disgrace."

"Therefore, today, I ask the Variant Immortal School to give an explanation!"

This student had a glib tongue. After he finished speaking, the other students behind him also spoke up one after another. This news spread outside the white tower, causing many passerby students outside to stop and discuss spiritedly.

Many thoughts rose in the hearts of everyone from the Variant Immortal School. Xu Qing fell into deep thought and could tell that the origin of this matter might not be that simple.

Someone wanted to take this opportunity to test the Variant Immortal School and completely trample on its popularity.

The mysterious woman dressed as a student at the side also perked up. She felt that this was a chance to probe, so she paid close attention to the school head.

The school head's eyes instantly narrowed. He naturally saw some clues. Hence, he sat there and leaned forward slightly. He carefully sized up these students from the Divine Fusion School and calmly spoke.

"What kind of explanation do you want?"

"The Variant Immortal School, please carry out a self-

inspection!" The student looked into the eyes of the school head and uttered word by word.

These words echoed in the white tower and also spread outside.

"Ridiculous!" The school head sneered and stood up. His gaze swept past the student before looking outside.

"You came here to probe that senior of my Variant Immortal School. Since you want to know, just ask. There's no need to find so many excuses."

"The reason why that senior didn't appear again is because he is in closed-door cultivation to break through the barrier of a million soul threads!"

"Before he proceeded into seclusion, he told me that he would come out of seclusion in three months at most. On the day he comes out, a million soul threads will flow in the sky of the Imperial Capital and form the appearance of a Variant Immortal. It will emit a million rays of light to verify that my Variant Immortal School has returned to its peak!"

"Now, there are still two months. Whether it's true or false, you can see it with your own eyes in two months."

"Now, leave!"

The school head's voice was filled with pride. With a flick of his sleeve, the Variant Immortal School's white tower instantly rumbled and emitted a repulsive force, causing those students from the Divine Fusion School to have no choice but to retreat and leave the white tower.

After doing this, the school head raised his head and sat down again.

He gazed calm but his heart was actually filled with helplessness. He could sense that the opportunity for the rise of the Variant Immortal School was right in front of him but if that senior didn't appear, everything would be useless.

Since that was the case, he could only bite the bullet and brag to build momentum.

As for the consequences of bragging, he didn't care. Since the Variant Immortal School was already like this, so be it.

As soon as he finished speaking, the hearts of the disciples in the white tower stirred. The eyes of the mysterious woman lit up.

As for the students from the Divine Fusion School who were pushed out of the white tower, their eyes gleamed. Most of the passersby in the outside world were the same.

Xu Qing also took a few more glances at the school head and then looked at the million soul threads in his sea of consciousness… Hesitation rose in his heart. He instinctively felt that the other party shouldn't have seen through his identity.

However, his words were very realistic.

In the end, the students from the Divine Fusion School gazed at each other and chose to leave. This time, there was a result of their probing.

As for the matter of that master coming out of seclusion in two months, it quickly spread in Imperial Academy. All of this inflicted the popularity of the Variant Immortal School, which was about to dissipate, to gather again.

That evening, before Xu Qing departed the Variant Immortal School, he bowed to the school head. Looking at the school head's anxious eyes and his impatient gesture of waving his hand to let him leave, Xu Qing confirmed that the other party indeed didn't see through his identity.

'Then… maybe I can give my soul seed a try.'

Xu Qing fell silent.

At dusk seven days later, when the other core disciples were leaving, an unfamiliar student who had been entrusted with a mission sent a sealed pouch to the white tower of the Variant Immortal School and placed it in front of the school head.

The school head didn't hesitate at all, nor did he ask. He seemed to have sensed something, as though he had been waiting for it. He picked up the pouch and instantly opened it.

In the pouch, there was a jade slip and a pill bottle containing a purple snowflake.

Looking at these two items, the school head's breathing was hurried. He didn't know what the snowflake was but he could sense the fluctuations of the Variant Immortal School's art coming from it. Hence, he excitedly grabbed the jade slip and checked it.

His expression changed continuously as he read it. Finally, he put down the jade slip and gazed at the pill bottle.

After a long time… determination manifested in his eyes as he crushed the pill bottle. After the purple snowflake inside floated out, it imprinted in his palm and fused into his flesh and blood.

The soul threads in his body instantly erupted.































































The moment the school head of the Variant Immortal School used the purple snowflake, Xu Qing opened his eyes in the secret chamber of Ning Yan's residence. A dark glint flashed in his eyes.

He lifted his head and looked in the direction of the Imperial Academy.

"This school head of the Variant Immortal School is indeed a decisive person."

He was naturally the one who arranged for the pouch to be sent over. The jade slip inside explained all the pros and cons without hiding anything, even mentioning that the soul seed could be retracted with a thought.

However, it was obvious the school head of the Variant Immortal School could accept such a thing. After all, he yearned more than anyone else for the Variant Immortal School to return to its peak.

For this, he was willing to sacrifice everything.

It could even be said that that pouch was something he had been waiting for a long time. In order to obtain it, he didn't hesitate to take the blame and build momentum, taking the initiative to force himself to the point where he had no way out.

This was his deliberate act, using his actions to show his allegiance to that mysterious master!

Xu Qing had seen all of this during this period of time. Hence, he sent a soul seed over. He also sensed the school head's fusion and cultivation through the faint connection between him and the soul seed.

This perception was one-sided.

Xu Qing's research some time ago had already given him a thorough understanding of the soul seed. This soul seed was domineering. After it fused into the body, it would be almost impossible for the host to sense the source, but the source could sense his movements clearly.

"According to my analysis, after the school head fuses with the soul seed, his soul threads will condense and increase greatly… Of course, the prerequisite is that his soul is strong enough. And his improvement should bring me benefits."



Xu Qing's eyes revealed anticipation. After that, he closed his eyes and continued to cultivate, absorbing the anomalous substances in the world and transforming them into his divine source.

This was what he thought of. In his current state, he could increase the soul threads. However, this absorption was incomparably slow.

Time flowed by. In Imperial Academy, the school head, who had absorbed the soul thread, gradually trembled as he circulated the cultivation art of the Variant Immortal School. The expression under the mask revealed intense excitement.

He clearly sensed that the number of soul threads in his body was rapidly increasing.

From the initial explosive increase of more than 30,000, it seemed to increase by hundreds every 15 minutes. This speed made him feel incredulous and waves of emotions surged in his heart.

"This is the correct cultivation method of the Variant Immortal School!"

The school head was excited and continued to cultivate. He was indeed the most suitable person to fuse with a soul seed in the current Variant Immortal School.

As the school head, he had studied the cultivation arts of the Variant Immortal School his entire life and cultivated it at all times. Although the speed of condensing soul threads was slow, he had always been nurturing his soul. Hence, the state of his soul was very strong.

This was also a characteristic of the Variant Immortal School. On this point, it was the same for the Divine Fusion School. Because they needed to fuse all the divine body with their souls, the souls of both sides were stronger than ordinary people.

Hence, the integration of the soul seed caused his soul to directly rumble. After cultivating for four consecutive hours, his soul threads broke through 30,000 to 40,000. Although it gradually slowed down, it continued to increase.

At the same time, Xu Qing also sensed through his soul seed that the soul threads of the school head were increasing explosively.

This explosive increase caused the soul thread vortex in Xu Qing's sea of consciousness to spin even more rapidly. One could vaguely see a trace of divine source forming in the vortex.

Although it was only a trace, to Xu Qing, this was equivalent to nourishment. It was much faster than him simply absorbing anomalous substances and transforming them into divine sources. It was like the difference between heaven and earth.

"It's indeed effective!"

Xu Qing's eyes lit up and he became increasingly expectant as he continued to cultivate.

The next morning, at dawn, Xu Qing arrived at the tower of the Variant Immortal School. Today, the school head didn't come down from the upper floor of the white tower, which was a rare occurrence. This matter caused these core disciples of the Variant Immortal School to be surprised.

After all, the school head rarely went to the upper floor. He would usually sit upright on a chair in the main hall.

Only Xu Qing knew that the school head was still cultivating. The number of his soul threads had already reached more than 45,000 during this night.

"At this speed, his soul threads will break through 50,000 in a few days and meet the requirement to weave an earth child."

As Xu Qing pondered, he was pulled to make newsletters. As for the other core disciples, because of the school head's bold words, they had regained their spirit and decided to stay for these two months.

Among them, the mysterious woman who still didn't know that she had already been exposed was the most proactive. She took the initiative to join the newsletter group of Xu Qing and the others and helped imprint the newsletters. From time to time, she would ask Xu Qing and the others about their cultivation progress.

Three days passed.

On the afternoon of the fourth day, when Xu Qing was rummaging through some books of the Variant Immortal School, an astonishing fluctuation suddenly spread out from the upper floor of the white tower.

 This fluctuation revealed divinity, causing all the disciples in the white tower to be stunned.

Xu Qing also lifted his head. The corners of his mouth under the mask revealed a smile.

He could sense that the school head's soul threads had broken through to 50,000.

Immediately after, a roar that spread throughout Imperial Academy echoed from the upper floor of the white tower. At the next instant, a huge earth child rushed out of the white tower in a flash and appeared in the air above Imperial Academy.

Its black body and dense aura shook the Imperial Academy. As the gazes of the students from various schools gathered, a commotion erupted.

As for the earth child outside the Variant Immortal School's white tower, after it emitted its pressure and attracted enough attention, it transformed into the appearance of the school head again.

This scene was even more sensational.

"That's… the school head of the Variant Immortal School?!"

"He weaved an earth child!"

"Another mastery stage cultivator has appeared in the Variant Immortal School?"

The core disciples of the Variant Immortal School in the white tower also rushed out quickly. Looking at the school head in the air, all of their eyes revealed shock. Xu Qing's eyes also revealed an appropriate surprise.

As for the mysterious woman, her heart churned.

'I was wrong. That mysterious master isn't the school head but I have found the right direction. This Variant Immortal School… contains a huge secret!'

Seeing that he was the center of attention, the school head in the air placed his hands behind his back and calmly spoke. The cultivation changes brought about by the breakthrough of the soul threads caused his voice to be incomparably deep.

"This is the inner method of my Variant Immortal School!"

"Those who cultivate the inner method of my Variant Immortal School will definitely be able to form 50,000 soul threads in three months at most. Of course, the prerequisite is that their souls are strong enough."

As soon as the school head finished speaking, all the students who were paying attention to this scene felt waves in their hearts.

Seeing this, the school head took a deep breath and determination appeared in his eyes as he continued to speak.

"In addition, from today onwards, our Variant Immortal School will break the tradition and open the tower to accept core disciples. We will impart inner methods and open another path for us human cultivators."

With that, the school head disappeared into the air.

Although he had left, the news that his soul threads had reached the mastery stage and the Variant Immortal School was about to accept a large number of disciples caused a storm in Imperial Academy.

The popularity of the Variant Immortal School soared again. Previously, every time it decreased, it would be stirred up again. Hence, now that the school head had reached mastery stage and continued the momentum from before, it caused the storm to become huge, causing a commotion in all the schools of Imperial Academy.

The commotion spread outside as well. In an instant, the popularity of the Variant Immortal School rose to the extreme. Even the 13 core disciples, including Xu Qing, didn't have the time to do their own things. They received an endless stream of students all day.

There were still not many who were truly determined to become a core disciple, but it was obvious that many students were tempted. However, it would take some time or more powerful events to firm their faith.

For example, if another person at the mastery stage appeared, or if there was a student whose cultivation speed was obvious.

Hence, Xu Qing began to consider whether he should give away another soul seed…

However, before Xu Qing could choose a target to inspect, on the third dusk after the school head finished weaving the earth child, Xu Qing suddenly sensed something through the other party's soul seed.

He sensed that the soul threads on the school head's side had also formed a vortex. Although they weren't as majestic as his, snowflakes actually appeared inside.

Its color wasn't purple but green. Its level wasn't as good as the former but its effects seemed to be the same. At the same time, it could also be affected by him and the source was the same.

Xu Qing's heart trembled. This change was beyond his expectations. However, before he could sense carefully, the school head sent his words from the upper floor, calling him and the other three core disciples over.

Everyone was given a pill bottle.

"This is the inner method dao seed of my Variant Immortal School!"

"After merging it into your bodies, you will have the qualifications to cultivate the inner method!"

Looking at the pill bottle in front of them, the three core disciples were extremely excited. Xu Qing swept his gaze over and his heart wasn't calm either. He could sense that there was indeed a soul seed snowflake in this pill bottle.

"This inner method dao seed was developed by my school after countless years of research. I didn't give it to you previously because there were some hidden dangers. Now that it has been completely resolved, it has become perfect."

"After you absorb it, nurture the Variant Immortal School art and you will see that your cultivation speed has increased explosively."

The school head calmly spoke. He didn't tell Xu Qing and the other three about the control problem after absorbing the soul seed. At that moment, his gaze was like lightning as he stared at Xu Qing and the other three.

"Now, crush the pill bottle and begin the fusion. I will protect you."

The three core disciples looked at each other and then at the headmaster in front of them. Outsiders didn't know what they were thinking but in the end, they still chose to crush the bottles and absorb the green snowflake inside into their bodies.

Seeing that the three of them had absorbed the dao seeds, the headmaster nodded and looked at Xu Qing. There was a hint of grandeur in his voice.

"Xuan Leizi, aren't you going to accept my Variant Immortal School's dao seed?"

Xu Qing felt strange. He didn't hesitate and crushed the pill bottled, allowing the small green snowflake to fuse into his palm. The instant it entered his body, no one, including the school head, sensed it. The snowflake had already melted.

It increased the rotation of the vortex in Xu Qing's body.

The headmaster was satisfied and gestured for Xu Qing and the others to return. He then closed his eyes and meditated.

Xu Qing cupped his hands and left the white tower with the three core followers beside him whose emotions were fluctuating. On the way back to the residence, Xu Qing confirmed that this green snowflake soul seed could be considered a branch of his purple snowflake.

"I didn't expect there to be such a change."

"I just don't know how many branched soul seeds the headmaster formed. If it's also 100…"

Xu Qing turned his head and looked in the direction of the Imperial Academy.

He had a feeling that because of the existence of his purple soul seed, the Variant Immortal Institution might undergo a huge change and its rising momentum would be formed.

If everything was normal and didn't violate human nature, Xu Qing was also willing to see the other party's glory.

However, if this lineage acted inhumanely, he would take everything back.































































Xu Qing looked in the direction of the Imperial Academy.

On this night, the cold winter wind swept through the capital, lifting the remnants of snow from the ground, swirling into the sky.

Amidst the howling cold wind, a new life started for the three core disciples of the Variant Immortal School who had obtained the green snowflakes.

Their number of soul threads soared from the original hundreds.

As the three earliest core disciples of the Variant Immortal School, although there was nothing special about cultivating the Variant Immortal School's cultivation art, their souls were still much denser than ordinary people after cultivating it day and night.

Hence, when the sun rose into the sky and dispersed the darkness, a completely different temperament appeared on the three of them.

As their cultivation bases increased, their gazes became even sharper.

Their bodies emitted soul fluctuations that uniquely belonged to the Variant Immortal School. The lowest number of soul threads reached more than 3,000, and the highest number… was more than 6,000.

When they arrived in the tower, this changed aura was immediately sensed by the other nine core disciples, including the mysterious woman. All of them couldn't help but be surprised.

The school head looked at the three people walking over with admiration in his eyes.

"Thank you, Teacher!"

The three of them looked at each other and could see the excitement in each other's eyes. Compared to the hidden dangers that might exist, the explosive increase in their soul threads was a gain that could be seen clearly. It caused excitement and determination to rise in their hearts.



"You guys have absorbed the Variant Immortal Dao seed very well. What you have to do next is to increase the density of your soul as soon as possible and let it continue to strengthen."

"Remember, the denser your souls are, the more astonishing the number of soul threads you will possess."

"My Variant Immortal Dao seed is a cultivation art seed that belongs exclusively to the Variant Immortal School. Just like an emperor-level cultivation art, this Dao seed is required to cultivate properly!"

The school head nodded slightly.

When his words fell into the ears of the other core disciples, all of their hearts were in turmoil. That mysterious woman's breathing became slightly hurried and she was about to ask.

At that moment, Xu Qing's figure appeared outside the gate of the white tower. The moment he walked in, many gazes instantly gathered over and tried to sense him.

At the next instant, the three core disciples who had obtained the dao seeds like him were all shocked. The school head's eyes even revealed an intense light and he even stood up.

The other nine core disciples all had even greater emotional fluctuations.

There were even stronger soul thread fluctuations from Xu Qing's body. The feeling he gave off was that there were at least tens of thousands of soul threads.

"Good, good, good. Xuan Leizi, when this old man first saw you back then, I already felt that your future was extraordinary. Now that I look at you, you're indeed suitable for my Variant Immortal School."

The school head laughed loudly. His gaze swept past Xu Qing and the more he looked at him, the more surprised he became. He could sense that his soul seed had fused perfectly with Xu Qing's body. Moreover, through this soul seed, he could sense that Xu Qing's soul was much denser than others.

This kind of integration meant Xuan Leizi was a person who was born with a powerful soul.

There might not be many of these individuals, but they did exist, especially among those who could join the academy as they possessed their own unique qualities.

Xu Qing bowed, feeling a little helpless.

He didn't want it this way, but he also wasn't willing to reveal his identity so quickly. If he didn't produce any soul threads at all, it would be easy for others to spot the problem.

Hence, he tried to form some normal soul threads to blur the perception of the external world. However, the soul threads of his divine source were too astonishing. Even if he only scattered a little, they contained the fluctuations of tens of thousands of ordinary soul threads.

It couldn't continue to decrease.

Hence, this scene appeared.

However, compared to this worry, the harvest from last night made him even more satisfied.

Last night, as the other three core disciples absorbed the soul seeds and began their cultivation, it produced a backfeeding effect on him, causing traces of divine source to appear in the vortex in Xu Qing's sea of consciousness again.

At that moment, in the white tower, compared to Xu Qing's worries, the school head's excitement was incomparably high. He looked at Xu Qing and the other three core disciples and grand ambitions rose in his heart. He then turned and his gaze was like lightning as it landed on the other nine core disciples.

"You guys are seeing it too. I know that you all have your own forces behind you, but it's fine. You guys are lucky to have entered during the rise of our Variant Immortal School."

"Imperial Academy is tolerant. Although our Variant Immortal School has the core disciple rule, we are tolerant as well."

 "Therefore, you guys have to perform well. Whoever among you is the first to recruit a hundred core disciples, this old man will make an exception and give you a Variant Immortal Dao seed!"

When the nine core disciples, including the mysterious woman, heard this, they immediately bowed. Each of them had their own thoughts. However, no matter what, the success of Xu Qing and the other three was right in front of them. They were all extremely tempted by this.

Just like that, a competition to recruit people began in the Variant Immortal School.

The news of Xu Qing and the other three advancing by leaps and bounds also spread throughout Imperial Academy a few days later. There was an endless stream of people coming to verify the truth. A storm… rose in Imperial Academy.

The repeated statements and incidents proved that the inner method of the Variant Immortal School really existed. Hence… the 14th and 15th core disciples appeared one after another.

In just seven days, the number of core disciples of the Variant Immortal School broke through the 100th barrier.

As for the cultivation of Xu Qing and the other three, they continued to improve in these seven days. The lowest number had reached more than 5,000. As for Xu Qing and another person, they each reached 13,000 to 14,000.

When the other core disciples saw this, their eyes turned red. Some of them were doing this for themselves, while others were carrying out missions. However, no matter what, the temptation of the dao seed had successfully attracted the attention of the entire Imperial Academy.

Finally, on the dusk of the twelfth day, a core student successfully completed the mission of recruiting a hundred people.

In front of all the core disciples, the school head held a grand ceremony. Through the solemnity of the ceremony, he emphasized the value of the Variant Immortal Dao seed. He didn't give the core disciple any time to hesitate and pressed the dao seed into the core disciple's hand, fusing it into his body.

This scene wasn't the focus of just the core disciples of the Variant Immortal School who had joined later. The various schools of Imperial Academy were also paying attention to this matter.

Under the attention of everyone, the core disciple's entire body trembled. The soul threads in his body suddenly soared from single digits to more than a thousand in two hours.

The aura of the soul threads spread out, completely stirring the storm of the Variant Immortal School in Imperial Academy.

In an instant the topic of the Variant Immortal School became a hot topic in the Imperial Academy. The number of people who joined the Variant Immortal School also increased every day.

The vast majority of core disciples also began to recruit more people. As time passed, more and more core disciples obtained dao seeds and initiated Variant Immortal cultivation.

Their successes were like a vortex that attracted even more students.

However, not all core disciples were obsessed with this. There were still a portion of spectators.

The purpose of these people joining was to observe. They had more doubts and guesses about the dao seeds.

For example, that mysterious woman was one of them.

They had always felt that there might be some fatal drawbacks to the Variant Immortal Dao seed.

However, the Variant Immortal School's school head's earliest saying of comparing the Variant Immortal Dao seed to an emperor-level cultivation art was very in line with their understanding.

After all, if someone wanted to cultivate an emperor-level cultivation art, they indeed needed a seed of the cultivation art in their body.

As such, even though there were still people who guessed the drawbacks, it was just a guess in the end and it was difficult to confirm.

As for Xu Qing, he watched as the white tower of the Variant Immortal School transformed from a deserted place to its current state. He also admired the school head of the Variant Immortal School.

He was well aware that his soul seed had only given the other party an opportunity. The other party's persistence and hard work were the main reason for the rise of the Variant Immortal School.

As for the flaws of the soul seed, Xu Qing wasn't worried about this. He had studied the green snowflake before. The structure of this soul seed was mystical and sensed natural. It was perfect.

What was especially strange was that there was a faint hint of the Heavenly Dao on it. It was as though this item had been blessed by the Heavenly Dao.

As more and more core disciples absorbed the green soul seeds, the school head clearly felt the benefits. After spreading out more than 90 soul seeds, the number of his soul threads increased to more than 80,000.

As for Xu Qing, the source, the benefits were naturally even greater.

In the vortex in his sea of consciousness, divine sources formed every day and transformed into soul threads.

The number of soul threads went from one million to more than 1.1 million.

All the people who absorbed the soul seeds were like roots. While they grew stronger, they also provided nutrients for the main stem.

"I wonder if there will be another branch if a disciple also cultivates to 50,000 soul threads?"

Xu Qing was looking forward to this.

Just like that, in the Imperial Academy, the once glorious but long-declining Variant Immortal School had truly revived. The various forces in the Imperial City also paid attention to this matter.

The other schools in Imperial Academy cared even more about the recovery of the Variant Immortal School.

Among them, the Divine Fusion School was the main one.

After all, there was a huge difference in the ideals of Variant Immortal and Divine Fusion. Not to mention that fire and water couldn't coexist, the rise of one side would definitely have a strong impact on the other.

Hence, when the recovery of the Variant Immortal School was on the rise, on this afternoon, an internal council was held in the white tower of the Divine Fusion School regarding the Variant Immortal School.

Other than the school head of the Divine Fusion School, there were also all the higher-ups of the school. There were a total of over a hundred people who sat down in an orderly manner.

The Seventh Prince was among them, seated on the left hand of the school head. The eyes of the student opposite him were a little peculiar; they were red, and this person was none other than the chief student of the Divine Fusion School.

At the start of this meeting, there was no discussion about the Variant Immortal School. Instead, everyone reported about their cultivation during this period of time.

As the current spokesperson of the Divine Fusion School, the Seventh Prince also spoke about his cultivation.

After hearing everyone's words, the head of the Divine Fusion School nodded slightly. His gaze swept past everyone and gave them some encouragement. He then looked at the Seventh Prince with admiration in his eyes.

"The Seventh Prince's talent is extraordinary and is very suitable for the path of Divine Fusion. If you continue to cultivate like this, you will surely become a great figure in 60 years."

The Seventh Prince cupped his hands and didn't speak. One couldn't see any fluctuations.

The Divine Fusion School's school head smiled and retracted his gaze, landing on the chief student on his right.

"Ling Hunzi, show me the Variant Immortal Dao seed you obtained."

The student with red eyes lifted his right hand and waved it. Immediately, a green snowflake emerged in front of him.

A calm voice rang out from his mouth.

"A core disciple of the Variant Immortal School dug it out of his body for me outside of Imperial Academy. School head, please take a look."

With that, he flicked his sleeve and the green snowflake headed straight for the school head.

The school head pointed with his fingertip, suspending the snowflake in the air. His eyes revealed a dark glint as he observed it carefully.

At the next instant, his pupils clearly constricted. When he bent down to observe carefully, red threads grew out of his eyes. In the end, hundreds of them pierced into the snowflake.

The snowflake trembled and commenced to disintegrate until it disappeared.

During this process, a solemn feeling gradually spread out from this school head's body.

After a long time, the red threads retracted and he closed his eyes.

The white tower was completely silent. Everyone gazed at the school head.

A while later, a hoarse voice slowly rang out from the mouth of the school head.

"This thing is evil and domineering. It devours the souls of the living."

"There are heretics in the Variant Immortal School."

As he spoke, he slowly stood up.

"Follow me to the Variant Immortal School to take a look."































































At dusk, the number of students within the academy gradually decreased. Although some students hardly ever returned to the outside world, choosing to reside in the academy's space for extended periods, the majority of students would still return home at twilight.

After all, the fetters of the mortal world were difficult to break.

At that moment, at the end of the slightly empty Imperial Academy, the group from the Divine Fusion School was walking forward slowly.

The person who was surrounded in the center was the school head of the Divine Fusion School. He didn't walk fast and had a refined aura. Wherever he passed, because of his identity in the Imperial Academy, all the students on the way respectfully cupped their hands.

Every time this happened, the Divine Fusion School's school head would nod with a gentle gaze.

If he encountered a student from school, he would stop and observe their cultivation before giving them a few pointers.

His actions and words perfectly conformed to the definition of a teacher in the Imperial Academy. This was also one of the reasons why the leader of the Divine Fusion School was respected.

His movement attracted the attention of the various schools of Imperial Academy. This was because the direction he headed in was the east.

The Variant Immortal School was also in the east.

Hence, many students who originally planned to leave put away their intentions to leave and followed behind. Most of them had the same guess.



This guess wasn't difficult to make. After all, the two schools of thought, Divine Fusion and Variant Immortal, were like fire and water.

This was especially so now that the Variant Immortal School was gaining momentum.

Just like that, with more and more students accompanying them, the group from the Divine Fusion School gradually arrived outside the Variant Immortal School's white tower.

At that moment, in the Variant Immortal School, Xu Qing and his fellow disciples had just bid farewell and were about to leave. However, after glancing outside, a faint glint appeared in his eyes. He took a few steps back and stood behind the others.

Beside him, dozens of core disciples were cultivating. There were green snowflakes in their bodies and under their enhancement, their soul threads increased greatly.

Hence, the entire white tower was filled with the dense aura of the Variant Immortal cultivation art, forming a pressure that could be clearly sensed from the outside.

When the Divine Fusion School arrived, the divine aura on their bodies rushed into the white tower first and collided with the aura of the Variant Immortal cultivation art. They both showed the intent of devouring each other, forming waves of rumbling sounds.

This muffled sound that was like heavenly lightning attracted the attention of the other core disciples in the white tower. They all opened their eyes from their cultivation and looked outside.

Noticing the Divine Fusion School outside the gate, the expressions of these core disciples of the Variant Immortal School changed and most of them stood up.

Outside the white tower, the school head of the Divine Fusion School stopped in his tracks and didn't step in directly.

The upper echelons of the Divine Fusion School, as well as the Seventh Prince and the chief student, walked into the Variant Immortal School's white tower first. The divine fluctuations from their bodies that belonged to the Divine Fusion School lineage formed an even greater storm that suppressed the aura of the Variant Immortal School.

This caused the entire Variant Immortal School's white tower to be filled with oppressive feeling. Everyone from the Variant Immortal School had no choice but to take a few steps back.

Xu Qing's eyes narrowed slightly. This scene gave him the feeling that a group of powerful mutants from the forbidden region had disguised themselves as humans and barged into the human world.

"There are indeed heretics in the Variant Immortal School." The Seventh Prince's gaze was cold. After sensing the fluctuations of the Variant Immortal cultivation art here, he calmly spoke.

As soon as he finished speaking, Xu Qing coldly looked over. The eyes of the core disciples of the Variant Immortal School also gleamed. The gazes they used to look at the Divine Fusion School became increasingly sharp.

Although they had joined the Variant Immortal School not long ago and their loyalty couldn't be mentioned, the growth brought by the dao seeds of the Variant Immortal School was something that the other schools couldn't compare to. They didn't want to give up on such tangible benefits.

Hence, this Divine Fusion School, who clearly had ill intentions and spoke rudely, naturally became an enemy.

"Even though you're a prince outside, in Imperial Academy, you're still a student. Please be mindful of your words!"

A disciple of the Variant Immortal School coldly spoke.

The Seventh Prince swept his gaze over with an indifferent expression. He turned and took a few steps back to make way. The higher-ups of the Divine Fusion School beside him were the same, disclosing the figure of the school head who hadn't entered.

The gaze of the Divine Fusion School's school head was calm as he stepped into the white tower. He didn't look at anyone here but lifted his head to look at the upper floor of the white tower as he calmly spoke.

"Variant Immortal School's school head, Divine Fusion has come to visit."

His voice wasn't loud but the pressure brought about by his identity suppressed everything, causing the students of the Variant Immortal School to have no choice but to lower their heads.

Behind the crowd, Xu Qing subtly glanced at the school head. This was the second time he was observing this school head at close range. That familiar feeling surged into his heart again.

'This person's identity is suspicious.'

 Xu Qing pondered. However, at the next instant, his mind stirred and he retracted his gaze, looking at the upper floor of the white tower.

He sensed an additional green soul seed's fluctuations there.

"This is…"

At the same time, the voice of the Variant Immortal School's school head rang out from the upper floor.

"Our paths are different and this old man doesn't have the time to meet. Please leave immediately. Don't disturb the cultivation of my school's students."

Compared to the calmness of the Divine Fusion School's school head, the tone of the Variant Immortal School's school head was arrogant. This was determined by their respective statuses; Divine Fusion School, being the leading school, naturally maintained a more serene attitude.

If the Variant Immortal wanted to rise, they had to be radical.

Hence, when these words fell into the ears of everyone from the Divine Fusion School, they were a little ear-piercing. However, the expression of the Divine Fusion School's school head was as usual and he didn't mind. He retracted his gaze and gazed at the Variant Immortal students in the white tower. His voice was gentle and carried a hint of emotion.

"Imperial Academy emphasizes on the blooming of all flowers, so this old man welcomes the revival of the Variant Immortal School. Only through the competition and exchange among various schools can we discard the old and bring forth the new, giving birth to paths and methods that align with the current state and future direction of our human race."

"But if the revival is pursued through heretical means or by disregarding the lives of the students, I cannot accept it, the Academy cannot accept it, and the human race cannot accept it."

"I have read ancient books and have found that there has never been any mention of the so-called Variant Immortal Dao Seed in the past. This is a newly emerged foreign object. From a fundamental point of view, there is a huge problem with the so-called Variant Immortal Dao Seed in your bodies."

"I have studied this seed. It's a sinister method. Once you absorb it, your life, cultivation, and even your thoughts will be controlled by others."

"Also… with a thought from the source, you will bear a tremendous cost. It could result in death at worst or a dimming of the soul at best."

"Therefore, I came here today to warn the Variant Immortal School not to resort to such extreme methods. I also have to tell you students to take out the dao seed in your bodies as soon as possible. Otherwise, you will definitely face a fatal calamity."

As soon as he finished speaking, the hearts of everyone in the Variant Immortal School stirred. They had actually thought about what the other party had said, but the explosive boost conveyed about by the dao seed and the comparison with emperor-level cultivation arts made them ignore this.

At this moment, the identity and words of the Divine Fusion School's school head had conveyed this matter back to the forefront, forcing them to contemplate it once again.

Xu Qing also admitted that this seemingly familiar school head of the Divine Fusion School was adept at swaying hearts with words These words indeed had the power to sow seeds of unease in people's hearts.

'I wonder how the school head will resolve it.'

Xu Qing gazed at the upper floor of the white tower.































































The Variant Immortal white tower was silent.

However, shortly after, the cold laughter of the Variant Immortal School's school head rang out from the upper floor.

"Being the leader of the Divine Fusion School, yet spouting nonsense, is a disgrace to your position!"

As he scoffed, the figure of the Variant Immortal School's school head appeared from the upper floor. In the main hall, he coldly looked at the Divine Fusion School's school head and berated him.

"You read ancient books? You verified history? You claim that there were no Variant Immortal Dao seeds in the past?"

"Then, take a look. What is this!"

As he spoke, the Variant Immortal School Head raised his right hand and pointed at the upper floor. Immediately, a terrifying soul thread fluctuation came from the upper floor. The strength of this fluctuation surpassed everything and was at almost 300,000 soul threads.

The moment this energy fluctuation spread out, a huge screen appeared which showed a huge figure.

It was the divine creature, earth child.

However, it was different from what the Variant Immortal School's school head had woven previously. The earth child that appeared at this moment carried the vicissitudes of life. The aura on its body was extremely dense, surpassing the scope of earth child. It gave people a feeling of Nihility, and it wasn't an ordinary Nihility.

The fluctuations of the soul threads were extremely terrifying. There was also a green snowflake in its body that shone with a resplendent light that connected to all the soul threads.



It was the dao seed.

Seeing this, the Divine Fusion School's school head fell silent. The students beside him, including the Seventh Prince, frowned.

Everyone in the white tower was shocked.

Some people had guessed the origin of this earth child, but this guess caused their hearts to stir.

"This is my Variant Immortal School's ancestor, Chen Daoze!"

The voice of the Variant Immortal School's school head echoed in the white tower.

"There are rumors that after he attained mastery stage and weaved earth child, he perished and became a specimen that was stored in our Variant Immortal School. However, in reality, how could he die so easily?!"

"Ancestor Chen Daoze chose to slumber and study the dao seed!"

"There was a dao seed in the ancestor's body long ago. Your claim that there were no dao seeds in the past is nonsense!"

"Moreover, even the ancestor himself has absorbed the dao seed, so how can there be the source you mentioned? Source? Tell me who is the source of the ancestor!"

The Variant Immortal School Head flicked his sleeve and spoke arrogantly. After that, he turned his head and looked at his students.

"All of you, open your eyes wide and take a good look. You can naturally tell if it's a recording or not. The ancestor is still in a deep sleep now. Take a good look and see if the ancestor's dao seed is the same as yours!"

The hearts of the Variant Immortal School disciples churned. They had noticed that the green snowflake on the ancestor's head was exactly the same as the ones they had fused with.

Facts spoke louder than words and could destroy all rumors.

A strange glint appeared in Xu Qing's eyes. He knew the origin of the feeling he had earlier but he was also very surprised. He didn't expect that Chen Daoze of the Variant Immortal School had faked his death.

'Chen Daoze's soul… Its density is several times higher than the school head's. However, it's a pity that the green snowflake has a limited enhancement on him. If it was a purple soul seed, it would definitely be able to allow his soul threads to break through 500,000.'

Xu Qing fell into deep thought.

The Divine Fusion School couldn't respond to the words of the Variant Immortal School's school head. At this moment, the gazes of everyone from the Divine Fusion School became solemn. Seeing this, the Variant Immortal School's school head sneered again.

"The person I mentioned who is in seclusion is our school's ancestor. He will emerge from seclusion in a month."

"If you still have doubts, do you dare to discuss the Dao in a month!"

As soon as these words were spoken, not only was everyone in the white tower shocked, but the students from the various schools who were paying attention to everything from outside the white tower also broke into an uproar.

The Imperial Academy's Dao discussion was the highest level of competition between the various schools and was also the foundation of the Imperial Academy. It was advocated that the various schools should discuss the Dao with each other to increase their persuasiveness and to recruit more students.

In the early stages of Imperial Academy, such Dao discussions were often held. In fact, some large schools' Dao discussions would attract the attention of the imperial family and the Human Emperor would also appear to watch the discussion.

However, now that time had passed and Divine Fusion reigned supreme, there were fewer Dao discussions.

 However, today, the Variant Immortal School's school head actually proposed a Dao discussion.

These words were like a general unsheathing his sword.

All of a sudden, the Variant Immortal School disciples became excited. On the other hand, the people from the Divine Fusion School fell silent.

A long time later, the Divine Fusion School's school head retracted his gaze from the screen and looked at the Variant Immortal School's school head, calmly speaking.

"Alright, then a month later, when your ancestor is out of seclusion, we'll discuss the Dao!"

With that, the Divine Fusion School Head turned and left. His group also walked out of the Variant Immortal white tower with gloomy gazes.

In the Variant Immortal white tower, everyone was excited. The school head raised his head and waved his hand, telling everyone to calm down. He then placed his hands behind his back and returned to the upper floor.

As for Xu Qing, he looked at the departing Divine Fusion cultivators and took a few more glances at the Seventh Prince and the school head. After that, he turned his head and looked at the upper floor of the Variant Immortal white tower.

'Should I give him another soul seed?'

Xu Qing sensed the 99 purple snowflakes in his body. After pondering for a moment, he left the Variant Immortal School.

Late at night, in Imperial Academy, a pouch that was exactly the same as back then was sent to the Variant Immortal white tower.

The school head sensed it but he didn't fly out immediately. Instead, he waited for a while before leaving quickly. He didn't care who sent it over. He was very clear that since that mysterious senior didn't want to show his face, there was no need for him to inquire about it and cause dissatisfaction.

What he cared about was whether there would be purple snowflakes in the pouch as he had expected.

After obtaining it, he suppressed his excitement and returned to the secret chamber to open it.

After seeing the purple snowflake inside, the school head was extremely excited.

After a long time, he took a deep breath and carried the pill bottle that contained the purple snowflake into the Variant Immortal's restricted room. He arrived in front of the sleeping Chen Daoze and handed it over with both hands.

At the same time, in the white tower of the Divine Fusion School, there was also a significant event happening…

On the upper floor of the Divine Fusion white tower, in the Scripture Pavilion, the Seventh Prince appeared and was perusing jade slips.

Due to the characteristics of the Imperial Academy, the Divine Fusion School's Scripture Pavilion stored many disciples' cultivation insights so that it would be easier for future generations to improve. With the experiences of predecessors, the disciples would not go astray.

At that moment, the Seventh Prince was checking various jade slips.

He would have left tonight. However, after returning from the Variant Immortal School, he thought of praise from the school head, mentioning the '60 years period.'

"After 60 years, I will achieve greatness… However, the crown prince incense is burning and there's only a year left. So, I can't afford to wait for 60 years."

Unwillingness appeared in the Seventh Prince's eyes. Although he possessed broken through, he still felt that it was too slow. He hated Xu Qing and wanted revenge. He yearned to become the crown prince and take charge of the human race.

Originally, with his uncle, King Tian Lan, as his backer, it wasn't impossible for him to have a future.

But now…

"If my cultivation base is astonishing… everything will be resolved!"

The Seventh Prince felt a little frustrated. As he pondered, he searched, wanting to see if there were any shortcuts. He possessed also asked the school head about this, but the other party didn't tell him.

Just like that, time flowed by. Two hours later, the Seventh Prince, who had examined many cultivation records, suddenly had a dark glint in his eyes. He lowered his head and gazed at the jade slip in his hand.

This jade slip was the cultivation insights of a Divine Fusion senior. It suggested an idea, which was that absorbing enough souls of the same race seemed to increase the speed and limitation of the body's fusion with divine creatures.

However, this idea was too cruel and went against humanity. Hence, this person gave up and only used it on his enemies.

The Seventh Prince plunged silent. After a long time, he departed the Scripture Pavilion.

As for the jade slip, he set it in its original location.

After a long time, the figure of the Divine Fusion School's school head silently emerged in the quiet Scripture Pavilion. He stood where the Seventh Prince was previously and lowered his head to look at the jade slip with a faint smile.































































To many people, this night was calm.

However, to some people, there was a wind tonight that blew into their hearts and caused huge waves.

Just like the Seventh Prince who had returned to his mansion. He looked like he was meditating but his emotions were fluctuating intensely. The contents of the jade slip kept appearing in his mind like the devil's whispers.

There was also the ancestor of the Variant Immortal School, Chen Daoze. As the green snowflake floated out and the purple soul seed fused into him, his soul threads underwent monstrous changes.

Their numbers soared.

The density of his soul surpassed everyone in the Variant Immortal School and had long reached an unbelievable level. This was also the reason why a mere green snowflake could instantly allow his soul threads to reach 300,000.

Now that the purple soul seed had fused into him, the number of soul threads continued to increase, reaching 400,000, 500,000, until it was close to 600,000.

The Variant Immortal School's school head had already activated an array formation to conceal these energy fluctuations. Otherwise, it would definitely cause a huge commotion.

The reason why the school head hid it was because he had no choice. After all… cultivation with the purple soul seed was too fast.

Appropriate speed could attract attention and make people yearn for it. However, if it was heaven-defying speed, it would cause panic.

Although this concealment made it almost impossible for outsiders to detect the soul threads' energy, it didn't affect Xu Qing's senses at all.

That night, Xu Qing opened his eyes many times and looked in the direction of the Imperial Academy.

His expression also changed several times, and waves of emotions occasionally rose in his heart.



"Chen Daoze's soul has actually reached such a level…"

Xu Qing took a deep breath. Through the soul seed, he could clearly sense the increase in the other party's soul threads. The increase in his divine source through backfeeding could be said to be astonishing.

In just one night, Xu Qing's divine source soul threads increased by tens of thousands.

Similarly, on this night, the heart of the Variant Immortal School's school head churned.

He had seen the ancestor's improvement with his own eyes. This caused him to have a deeper understanding of the soul seed. At the same time, he also felt fear.

In reality, what he said to the outside world seemed to make sense and he had looked domineering. However, how could he not have made guesses about this soul seed?

But for the revival of the Variant Immortal School, he had to grasp this opportunity. Even if this was poison, he had to swallow it.

Even though this choice might not be good for the future of the Variant Immortal School and everything was unknown, rather than letting the Variant Immortal School die quietly, he wanted to give it a shot.

However, the eruption of the soul seed to such an extent caused his heart to waver for a moment and the fear in his heart grew stronger.

As Chen Daoze slowly opened his eyes, he suppressed this thought.

"This is the divine source."

The ancient voice carried an inexplicable sense of age as it echoed in the ears of the school head.

"Greetings, Ancestor!" The Variant Immortal School Head knelt down excitedly.

"Someone… walked ahead of us. This also indirectly proves that my Variant Immortal School cultivation art is feasible."

"We use soul threads to simulate the divine source while the other party reversed the process, determining the method based on the outcome, using my Variant Immortal School art to empower it."

"Whether it's a god or an immortal, with a thought, perhaps… this is a true Variant Immortal."

Chen Daoze's huge body slowly blurred. Finally, with a boom, his body transformed into countless soul threads that kept retracting until they completely disappeared, revealing his true body that hadn't appeared in 2,000 years.

His eyes were deeply sunken, surrounded by wrinkles that bore witness to the years and hardships he had endured.

With long, grayish-white hair and a lean frame, his face was lined with creases. Yet, within those eyes gleamed a profound wisdom, an ineffable brilliance capable of consuming souls and penetrating the essence of human nature.

They were extremely sharp and bright.

At this moment, he sensed his body and his eyes revealed emotion. He really didn't expect that there would be a day when he would recover.

He had already been prepared to die slowly like this.

 However, now that he had revived, he made a decision. Hence, he walked to the side of the Variant Immortal School's school head and patted his shoulder.

"There's no need to think too much. If you recognize them as a Variant Immortal, all of the complications will become simple."

"Variant Immortal…" The Variant Immortal school head's breathing hastened slightly as he silently nodded. He gritted his teeth fiercely and dissipated the last hint of fear and hesitation in his heart.

As the hesitation in his heart disappeared, the complete openness of his mind caused a remarkable change in the purple snowflake within his body, making it bind with his body even more tightly.

What followed was the rise of the soul threads again, breaking through the original shackles and reaching 100,000.

"It can't be increased anymore. This has already exceeded the limit of your soul. Originally, with your soul density, it is impossible for you to form 100,000 soul threads. This is the enhancement brought by the green snowflakes you separated."

Chen Daoze stared at the Variant Immortal School Head. His gaze was deep, as though he could see through everything about this junior in front of him.

"If you want to break through, you can try to help the disciples who have fused with the green snowflakes. Let's see if they can… form the next branch of dao seeds after their soul threads reach a certain number!"

When the Variant Immortal School Head heard this, his eyes revealed a strange glint as he nodded.

Just like that, seven days passed.

During these seven days, Xu Qing came to the Variant Immortal School's white tower every day as usual. While many core disciples were cultivating, he sensed the meticulousness of the Variant Immortal School's cultivation art.

He had long discovered that as more and more people cultivated the Variant Immortal School art, the fluctuations that permeated the white tower would be a very good nourishment for his cultivation.

It could make the vortex in his sea of consciousness spin even more smoothly.

Hence, Xu Qing liked this environment very much.

At the same time, Xu Qing also noticed the actions of the Variant Immortal School's school head. The other party no longer cultivated at the upper floor all day. Instead, he returned to the main hall, where he repeatedly guided disciples in their cultivation, seemingly making a choice.

He had chosen Xu Qing before, but gave up on him because Xu Qing's cultivation progress was a little slow in the later stages and wasn't good in flattering.

Hence, under the efforts of the other disciples, Xu Qing seemed to be inferior.

This situation wasn't unique to Xu Qing. The earliest core members, regardless of whether they had assimilated the dao seeds or had been hesitating all along, were gradually falling behind.

Right now, there were hundreds of core disciples in the Variant Immortal School, and there was no lack of people with outstanding souls among them. It was inevitable that they would catch up to their seniors.

With more people, there came a variety of personalities, and since nobody knew each other's identities from the outside world, certain traits that wouldn't normally surface in public might occasionally reveal themselves.

For example, disdain and provocation.

Xu Qing had experienced it a few times, especially after the school head gave up on him. Every time the core disciple chosen by the school head looked at Xu Qing and the other old disciples, he would reveal a hint of condescension.

Xu Qing didn't care about this. He had guessed the school head's thoughts and was very curious if the green soul seed could branch out.

This person indeed had outstanding points. With the help of the school head, his soul continued to improve.

The number of soul threads in his body also continued to increase until this disciple became the first individual among everyone to have 50,000 soul threads.

At that moment, a storm formed by soul thread fluctuations reverberated in the white tower. When it attracted everyone's attention, the school head immediately brought this person to the upper floor.

No one knew what they discussed. They only knew that two hours later, when this person walked down, the school head announced that he was the chief disciple of the Variant Immortal.

As soon as these words were spoken, most of the disciples of the Variant Immortal School lowered their heads.

To any school, the chief disciple was an important existence. Their words and actions reflected the prestige of the school, and anyone able to become the chief disciple would naturally receive the other disciples' respect.

It was the same for the Variant Immortal School.

The outside world paid even more attention to this.

Xu Qing swept his gaze over from afar and carefully observed this chief disciple of the Variant Immortal who displayed pride in his eyes. In the end, he fell into deep thought.

'As expected, it branched out and a soul seed of the lower level appeared.'

In the body of this chief disciple, other than the green soul seed, there was also a white snowflake forming.

Xu Qing retracted his gaze. As the other disciples stepped forward to congratulate this chief disciple, he left the white tower.

Some old disciples also left.

Their departing figures fell into the eyes of the chief disciple and the surrounding disciples. Some ignored them, while others deliberately displayed disdain.

However, no matter what, the appearance of the chief disciple of the Variant Immortal School on this night attracted the attention of many people and also hastened one person's determination.

This individual was the Seventh Prince.

After learning that a disciple of the Variant Immortal School had formed 50,000 soul threads in a short period of time, the evaluation of the Divine Fusion School's school head of the Variant Immortal School appeared in his mind.

"Heretics…"

The Seventh Prince's eyelids drooped slightly, covering the fleeting dark glint in his eyes. He had made a decision.

On that night, in a house near the northwest of the Imperial Capital, close to the residence of the eldest prince, a faint light flickered. A figure dressed in black robes, completely wrapped from head to toe, sat at a wooden table inside the house. Lifting withered fingers, the figure flicked the flame of an oil lantern.

The person's body seemed similar to a black hole, absorbing all the light that fell on it, rendering it impenetrable to any illumination.

He sat there silently and waited.

After a long time, the soft sound of the wind rang out from outside. Soon, three figures appeared outside the house. They pushed open the door and strolled in, lowering their heads in silence.

After a while, a hoarse voice calmly rang out from the black-

robed man's mouth.

"Firstly, don't inquire about the identity of the employer. Even I am not privy to it."

"Secondly, after this mission is completed, you will be free."

"Thirdly, if something unexpected happens during the process and someone discovers you, you will have to self-destruct your bodies and reveal the Variant Immortal Dao seed in your bodies, leading all the clues to the Variant Immortal School. As for how to do it more realistically, you can decide for yourself."

"Fourth, the employer requests 30 million human souls. Regardless of whether they are mortals or cultivators, as long as they are humans, they are acceptable. Deliver them to me in these urns."

With that, the light of the oil lantern flickered and the black-

robed man's figure disappeared without a trace. Only three black urns landed in front of the three of them.

The three of them remained silent and their expressions were numb. They stepped forward and picked up the soul urns. They didn't communicate with each other with words or gazes and left separately, disappearing into the night.

They used the shortest amount of time and used different methods to leave the Imperial City. Some went to other rings, and some went to other regions…

The instant the three of them left the Imperial City, Xu Qing, who was sitting cross-legged in the secret chamber and sensing the white snowflakes, suddenly opened his eyes. A sharp glint appeared in his eyes as he lifted his head and gazed into the distance.

He sensed that three green soul seeds had left the Imperial City.































































In the past two months, with the school head releasing green snowflakes, Xu Qing knew the locations of many disciples of the Variant Immortal School in the outside world through the perception of the soul seeds.

If Xu Qing wanted to know their respective identities, he could easily do so.

It was just that he wasn't interested in it. As for the Variant Immortal School's school head, he stayed in Imperial Academy all the time and hadn't gone out once. Hence, Xu Qing didn't know anything about his identity in the outside world.

Those who had left the Imperial City after merging with the dao seeds of the Variant Immortal School weren't just the three individuals he currently sensed. Several others had left the city before.

After all, the identity of a student was just one aspect of their lives. It wasn't a constraint. The students of the Imperial Academy held other roles outside, so it was normal for them to go out for various reasons.

Hence, Xu Qing only sensed for a moment before retracting his perception. He then closed his eyes and continued to cultivate. When the sky gradually brightened and the light of the sunrise scattered down, Xu Qing opened his eyes.

He tidied his clothes and pushed open the secret chamber's door. The wind and snow landed on his face and gradually melted into icy water.

Looking at the snowflakes floating in the blue sky and feeling the cold wind blowing over, Xu Qing gradually fell into a daze.

The scent of winter was exceptionally intense.

"It's been three months."

Xu Qing mumbled. It had been three months since he arrived at the Imperial City.

When he arrived, it was still autumn. Now, it was already midwinter.

During these three months, apart from initially acting rather conspicuously, his presence gradually faded from public view as he integrated into the academy.



Xu Qing had done this on purpose.

At the start, he was high-profile because he wanted to establish his might. After establishing his might, he had to choose to settle down.

Zi Xuan and the captain disappeared along with him.

Zi Xuan had already been gone for a month and a half.

Xu Qing was very clear that, compared to Ling'er's dependence, Zi Xuan was independent.

She had her own things to do and her own life to live, so after the atmosphere in the capital stabilized, she went to other rings of the Grand Imperial Capital Region.

To her, everything here was familiar but also unfamiliar, so she wanted to search for traces of the old.

Before she left, she didn't bid farewell to Xu Qing. She only left behind a jade slip that carried her aura.

Regarding this, Xu Qing chose to respect her decision.

As for the captain, he had disappeared after what happened last time. This made Xu Qing curious about the things he had stolen from the Star Emperor Sect.

Also, according to his understanding of the captain, with the other party's active personality, it was very difficult for him to remain hidden in one place for so long. Hence, it was more likely that the captain had changed his identity long ago.

As for his identity…

After Xu Qing pondered, he looked in the direction of the Star Emperor Branch Sect.

"There's a high chance that the captain has returned there. Perhaps there are more things he wants to steal from there."

As for Wu Jianwu and Kong Xianglong, they also had their own opportunities in the Imperial City.

Wu Jianwu had gone to the Academy of Literature, which had been established by the Ancient Sovereign Mystic Nether and had now declined, becoming a place for old records. It was unclear what had caught Wu Jianwu's attention, but he had spent two months there and had successfully become a handyman at the Academy of Literature.

As for Kong Xianglong, he headed to the Sword Holding Palace to further his cultivation and walk the path of his father.

Their respective lives had begun in the Imperial City. Compared to them, Ning Yan was much quieter.

After experiencing the incident of the Sun of Dawn, Ning Yan cultivated in seclusion in front of his mother's portrait all day. He rarely went out and because Xu Qing left early in the morning and returned late at night, the two of them didn't see each other much.

However, Xu Qing could sense that the aura of Ning Yan, who was in the ancestral hall, was changing.

"They're all growing."

Xu Qing took a deep breath and walked out against the wind and snow.

 He also wanted to grow.

The wind and snow gradually grew heavier. When Xu Qing arrived at the gate of Imperial Academy, snowflakes had already spread to the world.

This lasted for half a month.

Four more disciples cultivated to 50,000 soul threads. All of them were valued by the school head and were promoted from core disciples to personal disciples. They were also given the right to impart the cultivation art.

Disciples were divided into inner disciples, core disciples, and personal disciples.

These personal disciples could impart their dao seeds to inner disciples.

At the same time, the school head also established a rule: every three months, there would be a competition for the position of chief disciple. As the chief disciple, one would have the privilege of practicing in front of the ancestor, receiving guidance, and even inheriting techniques.

Also, all resources that enhanced the cultivation of souls within the school would be provided to the outstanding disciples, as well as opportunities in the future to replace the dao seeds with higher-level dao seeds.

This stimulation and a certain degree of delegation of authority would cause chaotic variables. However, at the same time, it could also rapidly increase the number of people in the Variant Immortal School.

Hence, the white dao seeds gradually spread out among the students of the Variant Immortal School. Previously, due to limitations in quantity and rules, not all core disciples were able to absorb the dao seeds.

However, now that the Variant Immortal School had expanded and the white soul seeds had appeared, some of these core disciples who had no chance to absorb the green dao seeds chose to join.

As for the students who joined the Variant Immortal School later on, under the efforts of various parties, there were also more and more of them.

The act of recruiting people Xu Qing saw when he first reached in the Imperial Academy was now frequently happening outside the Variant Immortal School.

With this development, factions naturally emerged among the students of the Variant Immortal School.

They even cultivated with only their own groups.

Xu Qing and the other old disciples gradually lost their halos. Although all of them were hardworking, there was no lack of genius cultivators in Imperial Academy. It was inevitable that they would be surpassed.

The other disciples' soul threads had yet to reach 50,000. After seeing the glory of those few personal disciples, they each had their own anxiety. Hence, their identities and statuses in the outside world proved useful at this moment.

Xu Qing saw all of this, but didn't interfere.

How it developed was the choice of the Variant Immortal School. Moreover, the large-scale expansion of the Variant Immortal School gave him an extremely obvious advantage. In this half a month, his divine source soul threads had reached more than 1.3 million.

'If I unleash my full strength now, I can weave the third layer of the god form.'

'I only need to form another secret repository and I'll be able to break through the Spirit Repository and step into Nihility.'

'This Variant Immortal School cultivation art is suitable for any cultivation realm. It can allow me to perfectly fuse the power of the god and the cultivator's method in my future cultivation. They will augment each other and produce stronger powers.'

Xu Qing's eyes revealed anticipation.

He felt that the Variant Immortal School cultivation art was his greatest gain after coming to the Imperial City. As for the Emperor Sword, that was a mission. This Variant Immortal School cultivation art was a tangible improvement for himself.

Before coming into contact with the Variant Immortal School, the divine sources in Xu Qing's body were independent from his cultivation. Although they merged with each other with the help of the secret repositories, this was only the initial stage. Fundamentally, they were still distinct.

However, the cultivation art of the Variant Immortal School changed everything.

"Now, I'll just have to wait for the Dao discussion. According to the number of soul threads Ancestor Chen Daoze has now, even if his performance in the Dao discussion isn't as good as the Divine Fusion, the trend is already set and the Variant Immortal School is already on the path of recovery."

Xu Qing was in a good mood. This morning, he pondered as he walked into the white tower of the Variant Immortal School, preparing to continue cultivating. However, just as he stepped into the white tower, a voice rang out.

"You few, go and prepare the training hall. Today, Senior Xuan Lin has invited students of other schools to the training hall for a reception. Remember to light incense, prepare tea, and ensure that the entire hall is free of any dust."

The person who spoke was a core disciple with more than 30,000 soul threads. At that moment, he was instructing a few students in the tower who hadn't joined any factions.

As for the Senior Xuan Lin he mentioned, he was one of the four personal disciples.

When the few students who hadn't joined any factions heard this, they wanted to refuse. However, this matter was related to a personal disciple, so they could only tacitly agree.

Xu Qing's gaze swept over but he didn't bother with them. He walked to the corner where he usually meditated and sat cross-

legged. Just as he was about to close his eyes, the core disciple who had instructed others glanced at Xu Qing.

He was naturally not unfamiliar with the earliest batch of core disciples, including Xu Qing. He calmly spoke.

"And you, go with them."

Xu Qing's expression was calm. He closed his eyes and focused.

Seeing Xu Qing like this, the core disciple frowned under his mask and walked toward Xu Qing. His actions attracted the attention of the other disciples of the Variant Immortal School in the white tower.

As everyone's gazes gathered, the core disciple reached in front of Xu Qing.

"Xuan Leizi, I'm talking to you."

Xu Qing slowly opened his eyes and calmly gazed at the student in front of him. With just a glance, the student's entire body trembled and the soul threads in his body became chaotic. It was as though they were frightened and showed the intent to explode, causing his internal organs to feel a piercing pain.

Fear instantly spread in the disciple's heart. He couldn't help but take a few steps back in surprise.

As for the others, they were all surprised. They didn't sense any fluctuations. They only saw Xu Qing glancing at the core disciple in front of him before the core disciple retreated on his own, his eyes filled with panic.

This scene made everyone have their own guesses.

Xu Qing closed his eyes again and continued to meditate.

The disciple trembled inwardly. Just a moment ago, he felt a sense of impending doom, and now he still felt palpitations, unable to continue. However, the gaze of those around him made him hesitate, feeling stuck in a difficult situation.

Hence, he turned and left. After he reached at the place where his faction usually meditated, he took out the communication jade slip of Imperial Academy and transmitted his voice.

Not long later, a person walked over from outside the white tower.

This person was none other than Xuan Lin, one of the personal disciples of the Variant Immortal School. His arrival caused many disciples to stand up and greet him. The core disciple who had tried to order Xu Qing also rapidly approached. After he bowed, he whispered in this person's ear while pointing at Xu Qing.

Xuan Lin lifted his head and gazed at Xu Qing with a cold gaze.

"Interesting."

As he spoke, he walked toward Xu Qing. The fluctuations of the 70,000 soul threads on his body formed a pressure that spread in all directions.

However, after he took seven to eight steps, an uproar suddenly rang out outside the white tower. The sound continued to rise and in an instant, it was like cold water had been poured into boiling oil, directly exploding.

"A major event has happened. In Tianzhao County, a million mortals have been sacrificed!"

"The Tianzhao County Governor personally investigated and killed the culprit. Before this culprit died, he tried to self-

destruct, but was suppressed by the Tianzhao County Governor. He discovered a strange seed in this culprit's body!"

"It's uttered that the Tianzhao County Governor suspects this item to be a dao seed of the Variant Immortal School and has submitted it to the Human Emperor. The dao seed is currently on the way to the Imperial City!"

"The Human Emperor is furious!"

The voices from the outside boiled and entered the white tower of the Variant Immortal School.

Everyone from the Variant Immortal School felt their hearts tremble. Xuan Lin, who was walking toward Xu Qing, also stopped in his tracks and abruptly turned his head to look outside.

Xu Qing also opened his eyes, revealing a gloomy glint.































































Many massacres of the human race had happened over the countless years outside of the human race's territories. After all, the human race was once the number one race in the Wanggu Continent. There were a large number of humans living in all the regions of the Wanggu Continent.

When it declined and its territories were seized one after another, countless humans became slaves of the nonhuman races overnight.

Therefore, sacrificial offerings were often seen.

However… inside the human race's territories, other than during wars, such a large-scale abominable event rarely happened.

The sacrificial rituals that happened in Tianzhao County weren't one but three!

The number of people ranged from hundreds of thousands to a million, mostly from small mortal countries. Their souls were forcibly extracted, and their deaths were extremely tragic.

Such an extreme and vile thing was the same as touching the foundation of the human race. Hence, when this matter was transmitted to the Human Emperor, his anger rose to the heavens.

This was because the three incidents that happened in Tianzhao County were very likely only a portion of the overall incident, there was a great possibility that similar occurrences may have taken place in other areas.

After all, such behavior was clearly a form of ritual or cultivation requirement. A few million was clearly not enough.

They might not have been discovered in other places yet due to their covert operations or oversight by the authorities.

Hence, the Human Emperor immediately issued a decree, asking the entire human race's territories to carry out an inspection. At the same time, he ordered the Upper Mystic Five Palaces to head out together to investigate this matter.

Finally, there was a decree targeting the Variant Immortal School.



The white tower of the Variant Immortal School was to be temporarily closed and the school head and the ancestor were to be imprisoned.

As soon as this decree was issued, it caused monstrous waves in the Imperial Capital and Imperial Academy.

There were even people who spread the words of the head of the Divine Fusion School that day.

In an instant, the saying that there were heretics in the Variant Immortal School echoed again.

All the spearheads were pointed at the dao seeds of the Variant Immortal School.

The entire Variant Immortal School was facing a great calamity at this important moment of recovery.

Regardless of whether it was the Human Emperor's decree or the fermentation of public opinion, it made the Variant Immortal School feel as though it was placed on fire and the pressure was immense.

This was especially so for those who had fused with the dao seeds. They couldn't provide a proper explanation.

They understood the characteristics of the dao seed better than outsiders.

It could indeed devour the souls of the living.

Other than strengthening itself, this devouring would also speed up the formation of the soul threads.

In theory, the souls of the living could indeed allow cultivators who had fused with the dao seeds to cultivate faster.

However, there was a difference. The souls required by the dao seed weren't limited to the human race; souls from all the races in the Wanggu Continent could be devoured and absorbed by it.

However, such a thing couldn't be used as a basis to prove their innocence.

Hence, in a short period of time, as the storm continued to brew, the Variant Immortal School turned from lively to silent. From its previous recovery, it became silent.

There were even people who spared no expense to dig out the dao seed in their bodies and hand it over.

Xu Qing watched as the recovery of the Variant Immortal School he had pushed forward was facing such a calamity. That feeling of a building about to collapse didn't bring him danger but killing intent.

Since this matter had a certain relation to him, he wanted to investigate it himself.

If this matter was really done by people who had fused with the soul seeds, he would cleanse the school, reclaim all soul seeds outside, and spare no effort to compensate for it.

However, if this wasn't done by the Variant Immortal School and they were just being slandered and used by others, then no matter who was behind the other party, he would uproot them completely.

Too many people had died.

Hence, Xu Qing left the Imperial Academy immediately and entered a teleportation array, leaving the Imperial City.

Outside the Imperial City, Xu Qing no longer suppressed the fluctuations of his soul seed. He spread them out with all his might and augmented his perception.

 In an instant, it was as though lightning had flashed in his mind. Threads of connection appeared in his mind. There were a total of hundreds of them that connected to everyone who had fused with a dao seed.

Regardless of whether it was purple, green, or white, they were all within his perception.

The vast majority of the threads pointed to the Imperial City. As for the outside world… there were eleven of them.

Some of them were close, while others were very far away. If it was the school head of the Variant Immortal School, it might be difficult for him to accurately sense them due to the range. However, Xu Qing was the source. Now that he was going all out, he could clearly sense the location and state of all the threads through his perfection.

"There are ten soul seeds that are in the state of fusion. The other one is the opposite."

Xu Qing could guess that the soul seed that was not in a fused state should be the one sent by the Tianzhao County Governor.

Xu Qing closed his eyes and carefully sensed the threads in his mind. After locking onto that soul seed, he recalled the time when this soul seed left the Imperial City.

A while later, Xu Qing suddenly opened his eyes.

"More than half a month ago, a total of three soul seeds left the Imperial City and this was one of them."

"The other two…" A dark glint flashed in Xu Qing's eyes as he instantly locked onto two of the other threads outside.

One of them was in the 97th ring of the Grand Imperial Capital Region, and the other was much further away. It wasn't in this large region but in one of the seven counties, the Nine Provinces County.

The killing intent in Xu Qing's heart was intense. He instantly flew out and even took out the ancient sun. He borrowed its astonishing speed to speed toward the 97th ring.

The journey was long, but fortunately the teleportation was smooth along the way. So, after a day, undergoing multiple teleportations and aided by the speed of the ancient sun, Xu Qing arrived at the ninety-seventh ring of the outer perimeter of the Imperial Region.

The Grand Imperial Capital Region had a total of 110 rings. Many mortals lived in the 97th ring. When Xu Qing arrived, it was already dusk. When Xu Qing arrived, it was already dusk. Looking around, the entire land in the ring appeared harmonious, as if nothing significant had happened.

Xu Qing narrowed his eyes and kept the ancient sun. According to the guidance of the soul seed, he sped toward the west of this ring.

The blood red glow spread through the sky at this moment. Xu Qing, who was under the red glow, also carried intense killing intent as he shuttled through. An hour later, his figure appeared in the west of this land.

This place was quite vast, dominated by plains, giving it a somewhat empty appearance. Within it, there were nine small human countries.

Although it was called a small country, it was actually just a relatively autonomous city.

Because it was located in the Imperial Region, the human cities here were much more peaceful. What Xu Qing was looking at currently was a country called Wanli.

The capital of this country was bustling with activity, with smoke rising from many buildings. From above, the streets were crowded with people coming and going - messengers, merchants, and all sorts of others bustling about.

There were also some cultivators but not many.

On the surface, the one with the highest cultivation was a Nascent Soul cultivator. He was currently in the royal palace.

Xu Qing swept his divine sense over and with a sway of his body, he disappeared from the sky. When he reappeared, he was already in a corner of the streets of the city.

As he walked in the city, no matter if it was mortals or cultivators, they couldn't sense him at all. It was as though Xu Qing didn't exist in their eyes.

This was caused by the aura of a high-level cultivator. Because they had their own Heavenly Dao, they could form their own laws. Therefore, if they didn't want others to see them, unless the other side was someone with a higher cultivation level, they wouldn't be able to sense them.

Xu Qing's current emotions also made him in no mood to experience the mortal delights. With a step, he appeared outside a shop.

This was a grocery store, with the shopkeeper being an elderly man who was currently sleeping with his arms as pillows, resting on the counter. The business inside the store was being taken care of by a young staff.

Xu Qing's walk naturally wouldn't attract the attention of the young staff. However, the sleeping shopkeeper's body suddenly trembled. At the next instant, his figure blurred and disappeared.

Xu Qing was expressionless as he calmly spoke.

"Come back."

With that, the rules were changed and the teleportation was affected. In an instant, the shopkeeper's figure blurred out again and gradually became clearer.

His expression was filled with horror and he wanted to get up but it was too late. Xu Qing flicked his sleeve and their positions shifted. The space changed and they were no longer in the city but had appeared 5,000 kilometers above the sky.

Astral winds gusted and the howling sound was ear-piercing. At that moment, the shopkeeper's heart was in turmoil as he looked at Xu Qing in bewilderment and fear.

He had been extremely cautious. Ever since he found out that his companion had failed and was killed, he instantly gave up on action and used a secret art to scatter many traces in the other rings, while he chose to hide here.

He planned to wait and see and make a decision after the higher-ups messaged him.

While the other traces he scattered had no signs of being touched, someone had directly found his actual body.

This made him vigilant, but what shocked him even more was Xu Qing's identity.

He had naturally seen Xu Qing before.

At the same time, what terrified him the most was the trembling of the dao seed in his body as though it didn't belong to him.

All of this seemed to be telling him that the person his dao seed truly belonged to was Xu Qing, the region lord whose entire body emitted a terrifying Variant Immortal aura.

"The backer of the Variant Immortal School is actually him!"

The shopkeeper felt despair in his heart. There was no need to ask anymore. There was solely one reason for Xu Qing to look for him at this time.

Hence, his eyes revealed the intent to die. Without any hesitation, he gritted his teeth and crushed the poison sac hidden in them, his life force gradually rotting.

His body trembled as he activated the restriction he had prepared in advance, causing his body to also begin to shatter without a trace.

At the identical time, his soul was instantly burned by the void fire that he had planted lengthy ago.

This series of actions was all his methods as a sacrificial soldier to ensure that he didn't leave any traces.

It was completed in an instant. Before he died, the despair in his eyes disappeared and he revealed a hint of mockery.

It was as if he was telling Xu Qing, "You found me, you are the source of the Variant Immortals, but what difference does it make in the end?"

Xu Qing calmly looked at the shopkeeper without stopping him. Instead, he observed his methods. After seeing the other party's method of suicide, he expressionlessly lifted his right hand.

The needle of the Sundial in his body instantly moved, and a huge phantom appeared behind him, shaking the world. The 1.3 million soul threads in his body surged in, causing this phantom to materialize.

From afar, it looked similar a god had descended.

Half a month ago, Xu Qing had already tried using the soul threads to simulate his Sundial. It could break through the restrictions and manipulate time for seven breaths of time. This was half of his fourth form.

Spacetime reversal.

When his right hand pointed, the dispirited shopkeeper's body instantly returned to normal and he was stunned on the spot.

"Wha…"































































The shopkeeper's mind was in turmoil. The scene that just occurred caused his mind to rumble.

He had heard of time reversal methods, but it was mostly used for retrospection, allowing one to see events from the past without being able to alter them. Moreover, such methods could only be used by a great Nihility cultivator.

But now… he had clearly used all his methods to commit suicide and had been poisoned. The restrictions on his body had erupted and his soul had burned. Logically speaking, he was already dead and there should have been no traces left of him.

However… with a raise of Xu Qing's hand, everything reversed. His time changed and actually reversed back to seven breaths ago.

This matter caused his heart to churn intensely. As for the terrifying phantom that appeared behind Xu Qing, it caused his soul to tremble. In fact, he even felt a piercing pain in his eyes.

"How is this possible!"

Amidst the horror, the shopkeeper rapidly retreated. He wanted to commit suicide again. However, this time, it was clearly too late.

Xu Qing took a step and his body instantly arrived in front of the shopkeeper. He then lifted his right hand and grabbed the shopkeeper's chin. With a shake, the teeth in this person's mouth and the poison sac that had reappeared fell off.

The shopkeeper's eyes revealed horror and he was about to struggle.

Strands of soul threads instantly spread out from Xu Qing's body. They were like sharp swords that carried a resplendent light as they directly entered this person's body. Wherever they passed, all the restrictions would be destroyed like rotten weeds, unable to erupt at all.

A muffled groan rang out from the shopkeeper's mouth. At the next moment, the soul seed in his body instantly switched sides and headed straight for his soul to suppress the intent of burning.

Xu Qing restrained all his methods in advance, rendering them ineffective. All of this happened in the blink of an eye. From the start to the end, Xu Qing was expressionless.

In the eyes of this shopkeeper, everything was bizarre and inconceivable. However, to Xu Qing, everything was done with a raise of his hand.

Now that he had suppressed all of the other party's methods, he couldn't be bothered to ask. From the other party's previous series of reactions, he had already made a basic conclusion in his mind.



Hence, without any hesitation, he lifted his left hand and pressed it on the top of the shopkeeper's head. His divine sense entered the latter's head and he began… soul searching!

Soul searching was an extremely cruel method in the world of cultivation. It entailed higher-level cultivators forcibly probing the minds of lower-level cultivators. The repercussions varied: at the lighter end, the target's soul may dim, while at the more severe end, the target's soul would be obliterated.

This was especially so if the user of the soul search wanted to know minute details. The soul search had to be even more thorough, and they often used techniques to fragment the soul to do that.

At that moment, Xu Qing was using this method.

Under his search, the shopkeeper's soul showed signs of collapse. More and more cracks appeared and an extremely heart-rending cry that didn't seem human rang out from the shopkeeper's mouth.

This sound was like wild shrieks and howls, containing extreme pain. If mortals heard it, they would definitely have nightmares for a long time. Even cultivators would feel their hair stand on end when they heard it.

However, this place was 5,000 kilometers high in the sky and there was no one around, so the beauty of this sound was lost in the air.

Xu Qing fragmented this person's soul bit by bit and checked all his memories. Gradually, the scene of this shopkeeper's life appeared in his mind.

The other party's background, identity, and so on gradually became clearer. Due to their complexity, Xu Qing didn't pay too much attention, brushing past them and focusing instead on events from half a month ago.

Finally, he saw the scene he wanted to know.

More than half a month ago, in a hidden residence, the figure of the black-robed man and his words.

However, just as Xu Qing wanted to take a closer look, the scene disappeared. The shopkeeper's soul was completely destroyed. Only a limp body was left, motionless.

Xu Qing frowned slightly.

"This person's soul was born lacking… It can't withstand a strong soul search."

Xu Qing recalled the scenes he saw.

"In his early years, he joined an organization whose origins he didn't know about. This organization gave him a chance to be reborn but it also restricted his life."

"As for the details…"

Xu Qing narrowed his eyes and took out this person's storage bag, finding a black urn inside.

After scanning with his divine sense, Xu Qing's expression turned even uglier. There were hundreds of thousands of human souls here…

After a while of silence, Xu Qing's body swayed and he disappeared from the spot, heading to a few locations in that person's memories.

Every location was a harvest point set up by the other party. However, because his comrade was exposed, the situation became tense, so he refrained from activating these harvest points.

 Xu Qing went to those harvest points and destroyed them, while recording the evidence.

After that, he left this ring.

He took the shopkeeper's corpse as well. This was also evidence.

Time flowed by. Five days later, in the Nine Provinces County of the Dao Heaven Region.

This county was one of the seven enclaves of the human race and wasn't far from the Grand Imperial Capital Region. Hence, after Xu Qing sped over and used the teleportation arrays, it took him five days to arrive.

When he arrived, it was already late at night.

Xu Qing had passed by this county before on his way to the Imperial Capital. However, the group didn't stay for long before activating the ancient teleportation and leaving.

Now that he had returned, killing intent filled his heart. The instant he walked out of the teleportation array, his figure had already disappeared, speeding toward the place where his soul seed perception had locked onto.

Among the three people back then, one was killed by the Tianzhao County Governor, one was killed by Xu Qing, and the last one… was here.

It was difficult for outsiders to find the hiding place. However, in Xu Qing's eyes, the tracks were clear due to the target absorbing a branch of his soul seed.

Since he wanted to clean up the school and find the mastermind, he naturally had to eliminate them completely. At the same time, he also needed to soul search again to confirm the identity of the black-robed man he had seen.

"The other party's soul seed hasn't moved for several hours."

In the night, Xu Qing's figure teleported in the Nine Provinces County. An hour later, he appeared on a mountain range.

This mountain range was pitch-black. Only the sounds of birds and beasts could be heard from time to time. There was also the sound of the wind blowing against the vegetation.

Other than that, it was completely silent.

Xu Qing's gaze swept over and his body turned blurry as he quickly left.

At the next instant, when his figure was revealed, he was already outside a natural cave in the depths of this mountain range.

Xu Qing frowned. On the way here, he had already sensed that something was amiss. Standing here, the feeling was even more obvious. A cold glint flashed in his eyes. He waved his right hand. The hidden restrictions in the cave were instantly corroded by the anomalous substances he emitted and lost their effect.

In that instant, Xu Qing had already appeared in the cave.

On the ground, there was an array formation operating.

There was a person in the array formation.

This person was a middle-aged man with a strong vitality but he was motionless.

He was completely naked and his stomach was squirming. Xu Qing's soul seed was inside.

Outside the array formation, there was a jade slip on the ground.

Xu Qing looked at the array formation and then at the jade slip. After his divine sense swept over and confirmed that there was nothing wrong, he lifted his hand and grabbed the jade slip. The moment he checked it, an ancient voice echoed from the jade slip.

"Regardless of who it is, to be able to find this place means that you're the same as me. You're here to investigate the matter of the dao seed of the Variant Immortal School. I've already asked for the answer."

"As for this person, because he couldn't withstand the soul search, he's in a state of collapse. However, with the support of my array formation, his soul hasn't completely dissipated but he won't be able to last for long. Anyone who comes can check for themselves."

Xu Qing fell silent. After a while, he calmly spoke.

"Petty tricks."

"Shadow, spread out in all directions and seal everything, no matter what method you use, find the person hiding here."

As soon as Xu Qing finished speaking, the shadow under his feet instantly rose. After transmitting an ingratiating emotion, it rapidly spread, enveloping the entire mountain range and continuously spreading outwards.

Within its range, all the birds and beasts trembled. They were possessed by the shadow and made to scout the place.

Xu Qing looked at the person on the ground. He didn't believe what the jade slip said.

He believed in another possibility. The person he was looking for had some mysterious methods that could extract his soul seed and place it on others, allowing him to escape.

This method might not necessarily be targeting Xu Qing. After all, the other party didn't understand of Xu Qing's existence. In that case, this method should be targeted at the investigators of the Imperial City.

Hence, this person left behind a jade slip to deliberately mystify things.

The main point was how he extracted the soul seed without being discovered by Xu Qing. However, there was a possibility.

That was, from the start to the end, the soul seed… had never been taken out, but ironically, not taking out could achieve the effect of taking it out.

"Clone!"

Xu Qing looked at the unconscious person on the ground and a cold glint flashed in his eyes.

If the one who fused with the dao seed at the begin was a clone and the main body followed the clone, he would be able to create this seemingly perfect situation.

The flaw in this matter was also the main reason for Xu Qing's guess. The reason was that… it was impossible for anyone to find this place faster than him.

Therefore, according to that person's plan, by the time someone found this place, his clone would have died long ago. The array formation could also explain everything. Presumably, even if the investigator utilized the time reversal technique to inspect, there would be no flaws.

The person had indeed used soul probe on the clone and the array formation could indeed maintain the soul from completely collapsing. The clone had indeed lived for some time.

However, the investigator would arrive too late.

Xu Qing fell silent. He understood that if his guess was correct, his quick arrival was something that was beyond this person's prediction.

The traces here also proved that it hadn't been set up for long.

"I'll understand in a while."

The soul threads in Xu Qing's body erupted and rapidly weaved behind him, forming… the third level of the god form.

Amidst the rumbling, the sky changed color and the wind blew.

A terrifying figure appeared behind Xu Qing and fused with him, becoming one.

It was as though a god had descended, causing the surroundings to blur and the anomalous substances to erupt. The rock walls of the cave couldn't withstand it and disintegrated. At this moment, the surroundings took on a new appearance.

The mountains turned into burial mounds, vegetation became skeletal remains, and where the cave was located, a colossal skull emerged.

This scene was both illusory and real, making it difficult to see the true appearance of this area.

A figure walked out of this blurry scene.

His long purple hair dragged on the ground, looking astonishingly sinister. Outside his crystal-like skeletal structure, there was flesh and blood formed by countless blood threads that distribute in all directions.

There were also gigantic wings formed of purple feathers and flesh, with a purple moon rising behind him.

All of this was accompanied by a terrifying rise of life level.

He was Xu Qing.

At that moment, He walked in front of the array formation and grabbed at the ground. The unconscious person immediately flew over and was grabbed by the top of his head.

This time around, it wasn't a soul search. Xu Qing wanted to use the power of his level to check the life threads of the unconscious person and track his main body.

As for getting the shadow to distribute out first, it was to prevent the other party from teleporting away if he was alarmed.

"Trace of Life, activate!"

The divine sound was astonishing.































































As soon as this sound rang out, the world turned dark in this mountain range.

Compared to the surrounding sky, this place seemed to have instantly turned into a forbidden region, hostile to the living, causing all beings to prostrate. All vegetation withered and all birds and beasts mutated.

This dim boundary was still spreading and invading in all directions.

Wherever it passed, the appearance of the world changed. It was as though an illusory veil had been lifted, revealing the true essence of the world.

The world in Xu Qing's eyes was covered in numerous burial mounds and skeletons that had rotted for countless years.

At this moment, he was standing in a colossal skull exuding a terrifying aura. His purple hair fluttered behind him, while blood threads danced around. The unconscious figure he grabbed was starting to contort.

Waves of murmurs from the void echoed in the world, causing the area here to rumble.

The heavily injured and unconscious person was also stimulated by this scene and opened his eyes with much difficulty. The moment he saw Xu Qing, his eyes were first filled with confusion, then fear, and finally extreme horror.

He seemed to want to say something but he couldn't open his mouth. There was only an indescribable blood-curdling scream. As the anomalous substances invaded him and he witnessed the god, the scream echoed through the sky.

Compared to the heart-rending cries of his companion a few days ago, his scream clearly had more melody.

This was because this blood-curdling screech wasn't one but countless...

This was because countless overlapping shadows appeared on his body at this moment, as though he had become a book.

Every page was a figure of him, representing his past and the endless possibilities of his future.



They looked different but they also let out blood-curdling screams.

These screams that gathered from the past, present, and future were naturally more beautiful than his companion's.

As for Xu Qing, his gaze was calm. At that moment, the divinity in his body was surging. However, human nature didn't dissipate because it was formed from the soul threads and was in a relatively stable state.

This state could make it easier for him to make many choices according to the will of human nature.

For example, at this moment, the countless blood threads that extended from Xu Qing's body instantly drifted forward and landed on the person who was screaming. They were like tentacles that gently flipped through the other party's past.

One scene after another was clearly reflected in Xu Qing's eyes. He also saw the person's dead companion.

This wasn't soul-searching but it was even more direct than soul-searching because this was a god's ability.

Through this person's past, Xu Qing saw the other party's entire life. Just like his companion, the other party was born with a deficient soul.

It seemed that the mysterious organization was very enthusiastic about recruiting such people.

However, this person's talent was clearly higher than his companion's. Regardless of cultivation or spells, he was outstanding.

Xu Qing's gaze swept over and he continued to check until he saw the scene he wanted to know.

The location of the residence and the black-robed man's hand that was fiddling with the oil lantern.

Xu Qing was expressionless as he stared at the scene. He then tugged the blood-colored threads in front of him and forcefully pulled the image of the past out of that person's body, making it float in the air.

His gaze swept past the black-robed man on the image but he didn't act rashly. Instead, he placed it to the side.

After that, he turned his head and looked at the cultivator who was screaming. He opened his mouth and exhaled.

What emerged was purple fog. After it churned and enveloped the other party's body, threads manifested from the top of his head and spread in all directions.

That was the person who existed in all his memories.

One of the threads was located in the center. It was his life thread.

Its direction... was to the north, and wasn't far away.

"As expected, this is a clone."

Xu Qing spoke hoarsely and tugged slightly. Immediately, this life thread swayed intensely. The main body that was connected to it was directly affected.

The shadow immediately adjusted its direction according to this clue. It gathered its spreading body and moved in a straight line. This method allowed its speed and length to increase greatly.

 At the same time, 500 kilometers away from Xu Qing, a middle-aged cultivator in a gray robe was moving forward. This person's appearance was ordinary and there was nothing special about him. If he was placed in a crowd, it would be very easy for him to be neglected.

His eyes were quite small which hid the dark glint that occasionally appeared in them.

At that moment, as he sped, he was also analyzing his arrangements. Although to a certain extent, his arrangements were almost perfect, he knew that he couldn't underestimate others. Hence, there was still a chance that his plan would be seen through.

"However, that's a matter for the future."

The gray-robed man muttered inwardly. He sped up and wanted to head to another county in this region, preparing to leave through the nonhuman races' teleportation array so that he could better hide himself and wait for further orders from the organization.

However, at this moment, his mind suddenly shook. The world in front of him became slightly hazy, as though the world was spinning. His soul trembled in fear.

Immediately after, a voice echoed in his soul.

"As expected, this is a clone."

These words caused the gray-robed man's expression to change drastically. Just as he was about to take action, a restraint from his soul enveloped his entire body, causing his body to stiffen and he fell from the air to the ground.

The horror in his heart had reached its limit. He wanted to attack but there were no signs of enemies in the surroundings.

However, the voice in his mind was extremely clear, and the constraints emanating from that voice were erupting.

"What's going on!"

The gray-robed man's breathing became hurried. As he fell to the ground, he struggled with all his might. After his body landed on the ground, he spat out a mouthful of blood and regained a trace of mobility.

He suddenly leaped up and was about to escape. However, at the next instant, his body stiffened.

The shadow under his feet grew a blood-colored eye that emitted evilness.

"Found… you…"

In the cave, Xu Qing retracted his gaze from the life thread of the person in front of him and ignored him. Since he had captured the main body, there were some things he planned to try.

Even if he failed, it wouldn't affect the capture. If he could obtain some clues from this, this matter would become clearer.

Hence, Xu Qing looked at the image of the past that he had placed to the side.

The focus of the image was the black-robed man who was fiddling with the oil lantern.

Staring at this person, the purple moon behind Xu Qing shone brightly.

At the next instant, all the blood-colored threads outside his body headed straight for the black-robed man in the scene. They instantly penetrated and fused into him.

Using the past to see the future.

The god's power seemed to be omnipotent. As long as something existed in one's memory, it could be affected by this indirect method.

In that instant, the black-robed man actually trembled. His originally illusory state actually showed signs of turning into reality. During this process, Xu Qing also saw a portion of the black-robed man's life through his influence.

This lasted until he saw the other party worshiping the sky on an altar… However, Xu Qing couldn't see what he was looking at.

Hence, he increased the intensity of the divine source and wanted to take a deeper look. However, at this moment, a hidden will in the black-robed man's body seemed to have sensed that its host was being affected and it woke up from its slumber.

Immediately after, an extremely abrupt cold snort rang out from the image where the black-robed man was. It directly blasted into Xu Qing's mind and transformed into anomalous substances that erupted in Xu Qing's body.

This power of anomalous substances appeared out of thin air and formed an illusory scene.

In the scene, blood flowed and endless wails rang out. Anomalous substances rose and the world darkened.

It was using this scene to suppress Xu Qing.

If it was any other cultivator, they would definitely be affected at this moment. However, Xu Qing was in his god form now. As the divine source spread, it directly formed the image of the Purple Moon in his mind and suppressed everything.

Amidst the rumbling, Xu Qing's divine body swayed slightly and he took three steps back.

The anomalous substances and scenes in his mind also dissipated at this moment. However, the other party's might was extraordinary. Although they couldn't do anything to Xu Qing, it affected this place.

In an instant, the image of the past that was the source collapsed and shattered. As for the screaming clone, its body trembled and it turned into blood. The burial mounds also collapsed.

Amidst the rubble and bones, Xu Qing stood there and slowly lifted his head, looking at the night sky. A cold glint appeared in his eyes.

"I'm familiar with those anomalous substances that appeared with the cold snort…"

"I'm also familiar with the scene formed by the anomalous substances…"

"This black-robed man worshiped the sky. What he was looking at… I know what it is now."

"The anomalous substances came from the fragmented-face. The scene is the scene when the fragmented-face opens Its eyes. What the black-robed man was worshiping was that son of a b*tch fragmented-face in the sky!"

Xu Qing's heart turned cold.

When he was in the Nanhuang Continent, he knew that there was an organization. They worshiped the fragmented-face and even called themselves believers.

After coming to the human race's Grand Imperial Capital Region, he heard of this organization again and understood that other than believing in the fragmented-face, the other party's doctrine was to constantly search for the so-called divine son.

After they found the divine son, they would devour him. In this way, they would be closer to the god they believed in.

At the same time, through Princess Anhai's introduction, he realized that this organization wasn't just one of the ten super forces of the human race. It was one of the super forces of the other races as well.

It was spread all over the Wanggu Continent, seemingly present in all the races.

"True Words!"

Xu Qing mumbled. His body slowly transformed and the god form gradually dissipated. The darkness in the surroundings and the changes to the world also rapidly blurred. In the end, when Xu Qing's main body appeared, everything returned to normal.

Only the rubble under his feet proved that the scene earlier had indeed happened.

Moreover, his hair had turned somewhat purple. It was as though the display of the god form on the third level still affected him in the end.

It was also at this moment that a whistling sound resounded from afar. The gray-robed man's figure sped over and arrived behind Xu Qing. His expression was fanatical and filled with piety. However, his eyes were filled with unprecedented horror as he knelt down and spoke loudly.

"Greetings to the Master! There is something I have long wanted to tell you. Today, I use this form to express my true feelings. Master, you are an admirable figure, full of wisdom. Your wisdom and talent inspire trust and reliance in me. Under your leadership, I persist to develop and progress, feeling safe, comfortable, and at ease."

The shadow spoke loudly with a sincere expression. However, its gaze that didn't belong to it became increasingly horrified.

In the dark night, Xu Qing stood in front. His light purple long hair fluttered in the wind.

The gray-robed figure behind him kowtowed fanatically.

"Let's return to the Imperial City."

Xu Qing serenely spoke and stepped forward, walking into the night.































































Time flowed by. There was still a day before the competition between the Variant Immortal School and the Divine Fusion School.

The Imperial Capital seemed to be calm during this period of time, but in reality, after Tianzhao County Governor sent over the dao seed as evidence, a storm was about to descend.

Hence, under the calm before this storm, the atmosphere in the Imperial Capital was unpredictable.

Everyone was observing.

They were observing the Human Emperor and the Variant Immortal School.

Regardless of whether it was in the Imperial Academy or outside the Imperial Academy, the Variant Immortal School was in a storm. Moreover, because the tower was sealed, the liveliness of the past seemed to have disappeared instantly and returned to its previous silent appearance.

Those who cultivated Variant Immortal School art were also suffering, not daring to reveal their identities in the outside world.

On the surface, the various forces seemed to be waiting for the decree of the Human Emperor.

One could imagine that the moment this decree was passed down, there was a high likelihood of a drastic decline for the Variant Immortal School, with its resurgence potential collapsing, perhaps even worse than its previous decline.

At least in the past, the decline could be attributed to being phased out by the times. But now, they were suspected to be involved in the extraction of the souls of millions of humans for cultivation, and the entire human populace was paying attention to this…

If they were really linked to this case, this would be the greatest sin in the human race.

Moreover, the evidence seemed to be conclusive.

It was only when the agreed date for the competition between the Divine Fusion School and the Variant Immortal School arrived that the Human Emperor's decree that everyone was waiting for rang out from the palace.

"The seal of the Variant Immortal School is temporarily lifted. You are allowed to discuss the Dao with the Divine Fusion School to prove yourself!"



This decree surprised many people but at the same time, it was also within their expectations.

The Variant Immortal School had existed since the establishment of the Imperial Academy. Throughout history, countless human cultivators had cultivated the Variant Immortal School art.

Although it declined later on, over the long ages, it had formed countless connections with various human factions, and there were many sentiments and bonds unknown to outsiders.

One could imagine that behind this decree was a multifaceted power play, which was an affair beneath the surface and not something ordinary individuals could comprehend.

In short, the Variant Immortal School had burned the sentiments they had accumulated since its establishment, to exchange for an opportunity.

An opportunity to prove its innocence.

Hence, the day before the Dao Discussion, at dusk, the gate of the white tower of the Variant Immortal School was slowly pushed open. The school head of the Variant Immortal School, who had been locked inside, appeared.

During this half a month, his gaze had clearly become more aged. At this moment, he stood there and looked at the paths of the Imperial Academy in silence.

And the students within the academy, upon noticing this scene, all kept their distance, each with a complex expression, some with disgust, some with emotion, some with anger, and some with hesitation.

The emotions differed depending on the individuals.

After a while, the school head turned around and sat in the main hall of the Variant Immortal School's white tower, waiting silently.

Time passed little by little, but no students from the Variant Immortal School appeared.

The school head's gaze slowly dimmed, but in the depths, a fire of unwillingness was burning.

At the same time, outside the academy, dusk passed, night fell, and the cold wind howled across the land, like poetry, like weeping, like lamentation.

It blew from the ancient city walls in the distance, attempting to stir up patches of dust invaded by snow, but ultimately only managed to evoke its chill, dispersing it into the thoughts of the people in the capital.

Like an ancient poet, narrating the history of heaven and earth with melancholic verses, yet also resembling an indifferent bystander, silently recording the rise and fall of the world.

And at this moment, in the deep night of the cold wind, a figure as dark as ink blended into the verses, its vague silhouette outlined in the wind, swiftly approaching a residence not far from the eldest prince's mansion.

The night concealed the figure and the cold wind concealed its breath, letting the figure appear silently in the courtyard of this residence.

It was Xu Qing, who had rushed back to the Imperial City.

He stood there and sensed his surroundings.

Although Xu Qing had used his divine technique to see a corner of the black-robed man's life, this corner only showed the altar and the other party worshiping the sky.

 As for the man's appearance, he couldn't see it.

He only knew that the man was definitely one of the True Words' people. And through the soul search on the two people before, there seemed to be an employer as well.

Of course, it was also possible that the word employer was used to mystify things.

"Also, under the indirect integration through the soul threads, not only did the anomalous substances emitted by the hidden divine sense inside the image of that black robed man give me a sense of familiarity, even the cold snort itself sounded familiar…"

Xu Qing narrowed his eyes and pushed open the door of the house, walking in.

The house was pitch-black.

However, in his eyes, everything was clear.

The interior of the house was very simple, with only a wooden bed, a table, and a chair.

On the table was an extinguished oil lantern.

Xu Qing closed his eyes. Coupled with the soul searching and divine technique, he had locked onto this house. As he closed his eyes, he seemed to have returned to this place a month ago.

The black-robed man sat there with three Variant Immortal School disciples standing opposite him.

As he fiddled with the fire of the oil lantern, his voice echoed.

No one saw his appearance.

After a long time, Xu Qing opened his eyes and walked to the place where the black-robed man had sat back then. He then lifted his hand and waved it, causing the oil lantern in front of him to glow again.

Amidst the flickering light, Xu Qing lifted his hand and gently fiddled with the fire. The power of the Purple Moon in his body spread out, forming anomalous substances that belonged to him. They followed his finger and fused into the oil lantern.

Gradually, the fire in the oil lantern flickered violently, and its material gradually began to be influenced, until finally, there appeared a hint of vitality.

This was also the power of a god.

Anomalous substances could invade all things, but they could also produce life. This was also the reason why many new races had appeared in the Wanggu Continent after the fragmented-

face arrived.

Similarly, it was also the core reason for the appearance of the forbidden zones.

For example, back then, the forbidden zone in the scavenger campsite was caused by the activation of a zither.

Now, Xu Qing was also using this method. He wanted to give life to this oil lantern.

In this house, no one had seen the face of the black-robed man, but… this oil lantern had seen him.

This technique was not something ordinary people could master. Just like the manipulation of the passage of time or special abilities of mighty figures that could simulate such things, what Xu Qing wanted to do now could only be accomplished by a god.

After a long time, the swaying of the fire became increasingly intense. As for the lantern, it began to melt and split. Tentacles grew out from it and slowly swayed. In fact, facial features slowly emerged on it, as though it had grown a face.

However, it was clearly extremely unstable. At this moment, other than trembling, cracks appeared on it.

Xu Qing's finger paused as he calmly spoke.

"Reveal… the appearance of the black-robed man you saw a month ago!"

As soon as Xu Qing finished speaking, the oil lantern trembled violently all over, as if to it, Xu Qing's voice was the highest command, so it disregarded everything and released its energy.

At the next instant, the oil lantern rapidly melted but its flames soared. After the oil lantern completely disappeared, the remaining flames rose and… a face appeared.

A pale, ordinary, and strange aged face.

Xu Qing had never seen this face before.

At this moment, as the flame flickered, the face became increasingly distinct. Only after it was completely revealed did the fire gradually dim, as if it had released everything, and the life activated by a god's power also blossomed with the sparks of existence.

It began to perish.

However, its meaning was extremely important to Xu Qing. Xu Qing involuntarily leaned forward a little and stared fixedly at the face that emerged in the flames.

What he was looking at was the eyes of this face!

Those eyes reflected four figures!

What was revealed by the oil lantern was the scene from a month ago. These four figures were different from what Xu Qing had seen when he did soul searches.

From his soul searches and divine technique, there were clearly only three students from the Variant Immortal School here.

However, it seemed that including the black-robed man, there were five people here that day, not four.

There was another person here as well.

However, the three students from the Variant Immortal School couldn't see this person's existence. Only the black-robed man could see it.

It was also because of this that Xu Qing indirectly saw it with this unbelievable technique.

That additional figure, dressed in a white robe with a mask of the Imperial Academy on their face, appeared unfamiliar at first glance. However, the aura emanating from the eyes revealed a familiarity that triggered a sudden urge of murderous intent within Xu Qing.

This gaze reminded him of the school head of the Divine Fusion School he had seen when he first entered Imperial Academy.

At that time, he had his doubts about this.

Now, combined with that familiar cold snort and the aura in the eyes of the revealed figure, an answer emerged in his mind.

"The leader of the Divine Fusion School is… Bai Xiaozhuo!"

Xu Qing muttered to himself before waving his hand gently. The flames dissipated in front of him. After the house turned pitch-

black again, he calmly spoke.

"After watching for so long, it's time to reveal yourself."

Xu Qing's voice echoed in the quiet house. A few breaths later, a hoarse voice rang out from a corner of the house.

"As expected of Region Lord Xu. Not only did you find this place, but you also have such methods… It's truly astonishing."

As he spoke, a black-robed man who viewed exactly the same as the person Xu Qing saw, emerged from the void and emerged in the room.

Xu Qing turned his head.

"You're not that person."

He calmly spoke. The aura and feeling of the person in front of him were different from the black-robed man.

"I'm indeed not, but I might be in the future."

The black-robed man positioned on the spot and observed Xu Qing carefully. As for his face, it was a blur.

He was looking at Xu Qing very seriously and Xu Qing was also observing him.

A while later, the black-robed man lifted his right hand and a jade token flew out, landing in front of Xu Qing.

"The employer is the Seventh Prince. Here is all the evidence. I've already helped you gather it completely. How to proceed with it is for you to decide."

With that, he turned and walked out, his figure gradually becoming blurry.

When Xu Qing heard this, killing intent rose in his heart. However, he didn't look at the jade token. Instead, he viewed at the black-robed man's gradually disappearing figure. Besides speculating on this person's identity, he suddenly spoke.

"If you have time, go back and see Ning Yan."

As soon as Xu Qing spoke, the blurry black-robed man's figure seemed to tremble slightly. He turned his head and glanced at Xu Qing before completely dissipating.































































1198 Dao Discussion

After the black-robed man left, the house fell silent again.

Xu Qing picked up the jade token on the table and fused his divine sense into it, slowly checking it. After a long time, a dense coldness rose in his eyes. As he looked out into the night through the window, the cold seemed to seep into the night, becoming part of the scenery.

Using the night wind as his brush, the silence as his rhythm, the boundless universe as his canvas, and the starlight and moonlight as his ink, he painted a picture of the scene just before dawn.

Gradually, Xu Qing's figure blurred outside this painting, until it eventually disappeared without a trace.

When he appeared, he had already walked into the streets in the painting and walked into the distance, heading toward Imperial Academy.

He had heard that the competition between the Variant Immortal School and the Divine Fusion School was going to proceed normally, and the Variant Immortal School's white tower had been unsealed.

At that moment, as he moved forward, the light of dawn slowly broke through the darkness of the night behind him, bringing new hope to the world.

It was as though everything was waking up and starting over.

Just like the Variant Immortal School in Imperial Academy.

In the white tower, the school head of the Variant Immortal School had sat there silently for the entire night.

He watched as the darkness outside gradually faded away, as the first light of the sun descended, and as… a figure appeared there.

This figure stepped on the light of the rising sun and walked into the white tower step by step.

"School head."

Xu Qing bowed and spoke softly.



The gaze of the school head landed on this figure with the sunlight on his back. He remembered this disciple and also remembered that when the other party joined the Variant Immortal School, the Variant Immortal School was still in decline.

He had once felt this disciple had a high aptitude. However, in the end, as the Variant Immortal School recovered and grew stronger, more and more people with higher aptitude appeared. The other party naturally lost his attention.

However, he didn't expect that after the Variant Immortal School was unsealed, this person… would be the first and possibly the only one to come.

His emotions became complicated. As his thoughts spread, Xu Qing walked toward the jade slip shelf at the side.

He wanted to find the records of the Divine Fusion School in the Variant Immortal School. There were naturally many records of the Divine Fusion School in the Variant Immortal School since their ideals didn't match at all.

This was especially so for the newsletters. Although most of them were fabrications and groundless rumors, there was more or less a source hidden in them.

Xu Qing planned to check more carefully and comprehensively to verify his judgment. At the same time, he planned his actions in his mind.

In his mind, the Seventh Prince was already a dead man, and his goal wasn't just the Seventh Prince.

'Bai Xiaozhuo…'

Xu Qing mumbled inwardly. He then walked to the side of the jade slip shelf and began to search.

Looking at Xu Qing, the school head wanted to say something but hesitated. After a long time, he sighed softly and slowly spoke.

"Xuan Leizi, after today, there may no longer be the Variant Immortal School. You may choose to relinquish your core disciple identity and dig out your dao seed to avoid any future repercussions."

As he spoke, he took out a jade token and placed it to the side.

This was the proof of removing his status as a core disciple.

After doing this, he stood up from his seat and walked out of the tower step by step.

Dawn had arrived and the time for the competition was about to arrive.

Looking at the horizon, the Variant Immortal School Head felt a little desolate.

He didn't know if that mysterious senior would appear, nor did he know what the fate of the Variant Immortal School would be.

However, no matter what, he was the school head of this generation of the Variant Immortal School.

Hence, determination gradually appeared in his eyes.

 "No matter what, even if it's the end… I can't tarnish the name of the Variant Immortal!"

With such thoughts in mind, the Variant Immortal School's school head, his steps growing firmer, made his way towards the Dao platform of the academy.

In the white tower, Xu Qing lifted his head and glanced at the departing figure of the school head. Afterward, he resumed examining the jade slips until the distant tolling of the bell and the clamor of students outside filled the air. Only then did Xu Qing set down the scrolls.

He found the answer he wanted, so he walked out of the white tower and into the crowd outside.

The Dao discussion between the Variant Immortal School and the Divine Fusion School was already a popular topic of conversation. In addition, the calamity the Variant Immortal School had encountered now caused the level of attention to be even higher.

This was especially so since… the Human Emperor had specially allowed the Dao discussion to continue.

As such, the attention drawn by this Dao discussion didn't just come from the students of the Imperial Academy, but also from various forces within the Imperial City. On this day, they used all kinds of methods to gaze upon this discussion.

In the Imperial Academy, there was only one place to discuss the Dao.

That was the Dao platform in the center of Imperial Academy.

The area was vast enough to accommodate hundreds of thousands of people. Many years ago, there had been many large-scale Dao discussions held here, each of which had caused a sensation.

At that moment, there were many students here. Almost all the students living in the Imperial City had arrived.

The sounds of discussion echoed and it was noisy. Most of them were looking at the sky.

Two huge octagonal Dao platforms floated in the air.

One was black and the other was white. They were simple and elegant, seemingly symbolizing purity and resilience. The octagonal structure formed the foundation of the platforms, symbolizing the intersection of earth and sky.

At this moment, there was a pressure emanating between heaven and earth, and the Daoist rhyme exuded from these two ancient platforms, spreading in all directions, forming patches of multicolored clouds.

On the black platform, the head of the Divine Fusion School sat there. Behind him, the upper echelons of the Divine Fusion School, the chief disciple, the Seventh Prince, and the others were all sitting cross-legged. There were hundreds of them. Their auras were like a rainbow. Even more students of the Divine Fusion School were clustered below.

On the white Dao platform opposite, only the school head of the Variant Immortal School was sitting alone.

A sense of desolation spread from the white Dao platform.

The various forces outside also shook their heads, feeling somewhat complicated in their hearts. After all… many years ago, the Variant Immortal School was the number one school in Imperial Academy.

But now…

Sighs echoed in the minds of many people, including the students of the Variant Immortal School around the Dao platform.

These students who had joined the Variant Immortal School could only remain silent.

Xu Qing also stood in the crowd. He could sense the atmosphere here but his main focus now was the Seventh Prince and… the school head of the Divine Fusion School.

Xu Qing calmly looked at them.

He didn't rush out to expose them. Instead, he was waiting for this big show to reach a critical moment.

After a long time, when the bell rang for the ninth time, the sky of Imperial Academy suddenly fluctuated. Two figures in white robes walked over from the end of the sky.

One in front and one behind, one old and one young.

The old man walking in front had a gentle expression. The wrinkles on his face bore witness to the passage of time, like the traces left behind by the river of wisdom.

Though his posture was no longer as upright, his temperament and wisdom became increasingly prominent with age.

This person was the Principal of the academy, and behind him stood… the Third Prince, serving as the Vice Principal of the academy.

They didn't wear masks, so their appearances were clearly reflected in everyone's eyes. The moment they appeared, the Variant Immortal School's school head, the Divine Fusion School's school head, and all the students present cupped their hands and bowed.

"We pay our respects to the Principal."

To be appointed as the Principal of the academy by the Emperor was naturally a person of high virtue and prestige. In terms of knowledge, status, and contributions, this elderly man possessed all the qualifications.

In the early stages of the academy, he had been instrumental in organizing it and assisted in the establishment of numerous schools.

He also possessed the imperial bloodline; in terms of lineage, he was the uncle of the current Emperor.

Hence, the Third Prince stood behind him with great respect.

As the Principal approached, he halted in mid-air, lifted his head to gaze into the distant sky, and bowed respectfully.

"Greetings, Emperor."

As soon as his voice rang out, the hearts of the students below trembled. The sky the Principal gazed upon began to churn, revealing a scene.

The screen showed the palace. The Emperor was sitting on the throne, gazing intently in this direction. Upon seeing the Principal paying his respects, the Emperor stood up and returned the gesture.

The reason he stood upright up to return the gesture was not merely out of courtesy to the elder. As the Emperor, representing the human race, he had transcended ordinary etiquette. The reason he stood up was out of respect.

He respected the Principal for his contributions to Imperial Academy over the years.

Below the Human Emperor, 13 figures stood up and returned the greeting.

Every figure emitted a shocking aura. Xu Qing only took a glance and could clearly sense that they were giving off the energy of Soul Accumulation.

Their identities were self-evident.

The Heavenly Kings left in the Imperial City.

After the greeting, the Human Emperor sat upright, including the Heavenly Kings.

The Principal retracted his stare after bowing. He gazed at the Variant Immortal School and the Divine Fusion School Dao Platforms before looking at the hundreds of thousands of students below with a kind smile.

"It's been a long time since I witnessed and hosted a Dao discussion in the Imperial Academy."

"I'm pleased to see that Dao discussions haven't disappeared."

"The Dao Discussion is divided into three segments: the discussion of the Heavenly Dao to distinguish between right and wrong, the discussion of human nature to discern truth from falsehood, and the discussion of day and night to anticipate the future."

"The final outcome doesn't depend on the schools but on you guys."

The Principal gazed at the students on the ground and slowly spoke.

"Each of you has your own wisdom and choices. The recognition in your hearts will be the outcome of the Dao discussion."

As soon as these words were spoken, a rainbow light shot up from the Divine Fusion School's Dao Platform and entered the sky. This light was resplendent, causing the sky to rumble and its aura to shake the surroundings.

This rainbow light came from the hearts of the students below.

This scale and height were enough to prove that the students of Imperial Academy approved of the Divine Fusion School.

On the other hand, the Variant Immortal School… also had rainbow light, but it was only 30 feet long.

The difference between them was like the difference between heaven and earth.

Seeing this scene, the various forces in the outside world fell silent.

There was even an uproar in the Imperial Academy.

Xu Qing's brows under the mask also furrowed.

In the air, the Principal also shook his head slightly. However, the Dao discussion still had to continue. Hence, his hoarse voice echoed.

"The Heavenly Dao discussion."

"The cultivation arts and thoughts of the schools have to be recognized by the Heavenly Dao before they are qualified to discuss the Dao."

"Among the Wanggu Heavenly Dao, 99 Immemorial Heavenly Dao are in slumber. It's difficult for us humans to sense them. However, among the 100,000 Heavenly Dao, 3,000 Heavenly Dao had given blessings when the Imperial Academy's Dao platform was first established. Hence, the thoughts and cultivation art have to be displayed here to be judged by the 3,000 Heavenly Dao."

"If the Heavenly Dao doesn't acknowledge it, then there's no need to continue the Dao discussion. This means that your school still needs adjustment."

"So, Variant Immortal School and Divine Fusion School, it is up to you to decide whether to proceed."

From the black platform, a faint laugh rang out from under the mask of the Divine Fusion School's school head.

"Students of the Divine Fusion School."

As soon as he finished speaking, the auras of the students from the Divine Fusion School gathered in the air and transformed into a huge phantom.

This phantom was astonishingly tall and had three heads and six arms. Its entire body was formed by parts of countless divine creatures, forming a peerless aura.

It distorted the surroundings and blurred the world, like a true god.

As the Divine Fusion School's school head lifted his head, the huge phantom raised its right hand toward the sky and clenched it.

The void exploded and a rumbling sound caused the world to tremble. The Divine Fusion School's school head stood upright up and bowed to the sky.

"Heavenly Dao, please judge if it is right or wrong."

The sky was torn apart, and cracks of various sizes appeared. These cracks opened one after another, transforming into eyes that showed indifference as they gazed at the phantom of the Divine Fusion School.

"Approved."

"Approved."

"Approved."

The sound of the Great Dao rang out from all directions.

In an instant, the students in Imperial Academy were excited. The various forces were also focused. Even the Principal had a deep look in his eyes as he nodded lightly.

"Among the 3,000 Heavenly Daos, 2,137 have acknowledged it. This is a great blessing!"

At the same time, the rainbow light above the Divine Fusion School's platform soared again.

The school head of the Divine Fusion School bowed to the Principle, before sitting down and looking at the school head of the Variant Immortal School.

The Variant Immortal School's school head fell silent. After a while, he could only brace himself and stand up. He spread out his aura and bowed to the sky.

"Heavenly Dao, please judge if it is right or wrong…"

He expressed this without confidence.

In the crowd, Xu Qing watched this scene with a calm gaze. He then gazed at the sky.































































There were 3,000 eyes of various sizes in the sky.

These were the three thousand Heavenly Dao that, guided by the fortune of the human race, bestowed blessings upon the establishment of the Imperial Academy.

At that moment, as the aura of the school head of the Variant Immortal School spread out, the moment he spoke, a large number of soul threads rushed out of his body, weaving a huge earth child in the sky.

This was completely woven from soul threads. Every detail was displayed in the Heavenly Dao's perception, allowing the Heavenly Dao to judge.

However, regardless of aura or pressure, it was far inferior to the phantom formed by countless students of the Divine Fusion School. The difference between the two sides was obvious.

The eyes in the cracks in the sky emitted a cold light one after another, and the outcome was as everyone had expected. The vast majority of the Heavenly Dao's eyes chose to close. In the end, there were just over 20 who maintained their open state.

The resonance of the Great Dao was also similarly subdued, unable to compare to the overwhelming momentum of the Divine Fusion School from before.

The students around the Dao platform stared at this scene. Those who were inclined toward the Divine Fusion felt even more resolved. As for those who had some complicated feelings about the Variant Immortals, they sighed inwardly.

One was the recognition of more than 2,000 Heavenly Daos, and the other was the recognition of more than 20…

The latter was clearly inferior.

The various forces outside also sighed with emotion. The Variant Immortal School had already lost the first segment of this Dao discussion, and had lost completely.

On the black Dao platform, most members of the Divine Fusion School appeared aloof at this moment. The head of the Divine Fusion School shook his head, seemingly losing some interest as well.

This action was a form of mockery and a blow to the Variant Immortal School's school head.



He looked at the sky and his heart was filled with bitterness. This outcome was within his expectations but when it really happened, he still found it a little difficult to accept.

This was because this wasn't the first time the Variant Immortal School had participated in the Dao Discussion. Back when it was glorious, the recognition of the Heavenly Dao attracted by the Variant Immortal School's Dao Discussion could also reach more than 2,000.

Now… there were only more than 20 left. The Heavenly Dao no longer recognized the Dao of the Variant Immortals.

"Has the Heavenly Dao given up on the Variant Immortals…"

The Variant Immortal School Head lowered his head. At this moment, he seemed to have aged a lot and his gaze became turbid. However, he still maintained his dignity and bowed to the Heavenly Dao in the sky.

The Principal, who was in the air, also sighed softly inwardly and was about to announce the second segment of the Dao discussion.

"Next is…"

However, at that moment, Xu Qing, who was in the crowd around the Dao platform, looked at the sky and frowned slightly under his mask.

At the next instant, the sky suddenly rumbled and trembled intensely.

Countless clouds and mist suddenly formed and rapidly dissipated. As this cycle repeated, an ancient aura gathered from the void and suddenly descended in the space of Imperial Academy, filling the surroundings, causing everyone here to clearly sense the vast might.

This scene directly interrupted the Principal. He abruptly lifted his head and stared at the sky, his expression revealing a hint of shock and disbelief.

He wasn't the only one who lifted his head. The Third Prince beside him and all the students here, including the school heads of the Variant Immortal School and the Divine Fusion School, had their thoughts churning as they looked at the sky.

In fact, the hearts of the various forces fluctuated as well. Even the expressions of the Human Emperor and the 13 Heavenly Kings changed. The Human Emperor even leaned forward a little.

While everyone was paying attention, the ancient aura became even more violent and spread out from the void. In the end, it transformed into earth-shattering heavenly lightning that erupted intensely in the sky of Imperial Academy.

Under this eruption, the sky was forcefully torn apart. A huge crack pierced through the sky in Imperial Academy's space. Its range was so large that it far surpassed the other cracks.

Compared to this, the other cracks were already insignificant.

Very soon, the crack suddenly widened, revealing… a huge pupil that formed a unique eye.

This eye replaced the sky of the Imperial Academy and became the only one, transforming into the heavenly eye.

It was formed by two colors, with purple as the pupil and blue surrounding it!

The moment it appeared, a majestic aura spread throughout the entire space of the academy. The 3,000 cracks in the sky also emitted cracking sounds, and, in an instant, all the eyes opened wide. The eyes of the Heavenly Dao no longer showed indifference but respect.

It was as though they were worshiping.

The ancient aura overflowed into the sky at this instant.

 The color of the world changed, and wind and clouds surged, accompanied by lightning and thunder.

That was the most primitive sound in the world. It was an unstoppable force erupting and merging with each other, transforming into a tender voice.

"Yiya!"

This voice surpassed all the sounds of the Great Dao from before and replaced everything, becoming the only one. Although the words were unclear, when it landed in everyone's minds, its meaning was clear.

That was recognition!

"Immemorial Heavenly Dao!!"

The mind of the Principal rumbled as he cried out involuntarily.

The heart of the Third Prince, who was beside him, trembled incomparably. All the students here were the same. On the Divine Fusion School's Dao Platform, the breathing of the higher-ups was also hurried. Even the eyes of the school head of the Divine Fusion School revealed a sharp glint at this moment.

This was even more so outside. The Human Emperor and the Heavenly Kings were also moved.

The 99 Immemorial Heavenly Dao of the Wanggu Continent were all in deep sleep. Even when the Human Emperor Mystic War ascended the throne, the Immemorial Heavenly Dao didn't appear.

It was the same when the Imperial Academy was established.

However, now… it was just a Dao discussion but an Immemorial Heavenly Dao had actually appeared and acknowledged the Variant Immortal School!

Such a level of recognition, such a remarkable honor, was beyond comprehension for many, leaving them utterly astonished.

Even the school head of the Variant Immortal School was at a loss. He stared blankly at the ancient eye that had opened in the sky. Even in his dreams, he didn't dare to imagine that the Immemorial Heavenly Dao would appear.

Only Xu Qing, who was in the crowd, looked at the eye in the sky and nodded slightly.

Perhaps it saw its father's satisfied look, the enormous eye in the sky emitted a sense of warmth. Then, its gaze shifted, looking at something unknown. Finally, it closed slowly and disappeared.

No one knew what it was looking at but Xu Qing guessed that the Heavenly Dao was looking at its other father.

At that moment, in the Imperial Capital, in the Star Emperor's branch sect that had faced a theft some time ago, an ordinary-

looking disciple was sweeping the floor. He seemed to have sensed something and lifted his head to look in the direction of the Imperial Academy with a proud expression.

"Good son, you didn't forget that your father."

The Imperial Academy was completely silent. It wasn't until the departure of the Immemorial Heavenly Dao that a tumultuous uproar erupted, surging up from all the students. They were boiling with emotions, expressing their astonishment and disbelief through their words.

"Immemorial Heavenly Dao…"

"The Variant Immortal School is actually recognized by the Immemorial Heavenly Dao!!"

"This is the first time I've sensed the Immemorial Heavenly Dao. This pressure, this terrifying heavenly might…"

Compared to the commotion among the students, the Principal and the experts from the various forces in the Imperial City were even more shocked. At the same time, a question appeared in their minds.

"Among the 99 Immemorial Heavenly Dao, there doesn't seem to be anyone with blue eyes and purple pupils… And, why does its voice sound immature?"

However, no matter what, the aura of the Immemorial Heavenly Dao was extremely pure and couldn't be faked. Therefore, this question could only be buried deep in their hearts.

The Human Emperor also narrowed his eyes and stared at the Imperial Academy. His gaze swept past every student and finally landed on Xu Qing.

At the same time, another gaze spread out from the top of the Star-Picking Tower, staring at Imperial Academy and the sky.

This gaze came from the State Preceptor.

He stood on the top floor of the Star-Picking Tower and let the wind blow his long hair as he spoke softly.

"Brother, this is the second time you've surprised me."

In the Imperial Academy, Xu Qing remained calm. He knew that he would be exposed, but it didn't matter. He hadn't planned to hide today anyway. Hence, he raised his head and looked towards the Seventh Prince who had a surprised expression on his face.

At that moment, the rainbow light from the Divine Fusion School's Dao Platform dissipated a little. Although the rainbow still seemed to touch the sky, it was clearly dimmer than before.

On the other hand, due to the recognition of the Immemorial Heavenly Dao, the length of the rainbow light from the Variant Immortal School's Dao platform increased from thirty feet to a thousand feet. Some Variant Immortal School disciples returned and a portion of students chose it again.

This scene caused the Dao discussion to be completely stirred.

The school head of the Variant Immortal School took a deep breath. His eyes revealed an unprecedented light and confidence as he stared at the Divine Fusion School.

The head of the Divine Fusion School fell silent for a while before chuckling.

"Principal, please continue."

In the air, the Principal closed his eyes and opened them after a long time. His eyes revealed a solemn expression. His interest in this Tao discussion was much greater than before.

He also wanted to see who would win at the end of this Tao discussion.

He wasn't the only one with such thoughts. At that moment, all the schools and students in Imperial Academy, as well as the various forces outside, had the same thoughts.

Originally, the victory or defeat could be easily decided. Now, it was different.

The Principal spoke in a hoarse voice.

"The second segment of the Tao discussion is about discerning falsehood. The Dao has truth and lies, discernible by the human heart."

"I will propose three topics. The Variant Immortal School and the Divine Fusion School can each discuss their own Tao according to these topics."

"The first topic is… the immortal way has been severed. How do you continue it?"

As soon as these words were spoken, the Imperial Academy fell silent again. Countless gazes gathered on the Variant Immortal and the Divine Fusion Tao platforms.

The school head of the Variant Immortal School had a glint in his eyes. When he heard this, he articulated loudly.

"My Variant Immortal School uses the soul threads to weave the image of divinity, continuously strengthening it until it becomes a divine being. With this divine being as nourishment, we reference igniting the divine fire, burning the divine being, and continuing the way ahead. This path, where one thought becomes god, and one thought becomes immortal, is thus named the Variant Immortal."

His voice was loud and powerful, echoing in all directions, landing in the ears of countless students, as well as the outside world.

This was the core philosophy of the Variant Immortal School. It had once been recognized by countless people but because of the slow cultivation speed, it had been impossible to achieve.

However, it was different now. The appearance of the dao seed changed everything.

However, it was also the dao seed that caused the current precarious situation for the Variant Immortal School.

Hence, on the Divine Fusion School's Tao Platform, the school head shook his head and calmly spoke.

"The heretical art is like starlight. How can it compete with the bright moon?"

* * *































































"Heaven and earth possess spirits, and all things possess divinity, the fact that gods have descended is undeniable. Over the long years, they have merged with the Wanggu and become one of the power systems. We should take advantage of this opportunity. We should view all things invaded by the gods as divine materials."

"Just like with alchemy, by incorporating these divine materials into our bodies, actively replacing various parts of our bodies, we can form divine bodies. These bodies adapt to the times and environment. Henceforth, anomalous substances are no longer a deadly poison but rather a nutrient for cultivation. Like spiritual energy, we of the Divine Fusion School call this divine power."

"By practicing in this way, our human race will surely become incredibly powerful. The Immortal Path is broken, so why force it to continue? We have already embarked on our own great Dao! The philosophy and goal of the Divine Fusion School is for humanity, where everyone becomes a god!"

The voice of the Divine Fusion School's school head wasn't impassioned, but the meaning in his words transformed into a storm that rumbled in the hearts of the Imperial Academy students.

Especially the last sentence, "everyone becomes a god," stirred the Divine Fusion School disciples, eliciting strong agreement and excitement.

This was indeed the core of the Divine Fusion School and the reason why the Divine Fusion School was so popular.

Now that it was said by the Divine Fusion School's school head, it felt extremely convincing.

"Ridiculous!"

The Variant Immortal School Head sneered and his voice spread in all directions.

"From ancient times to the present, our human race has experienced glory as well as lows, splendid civilizations as well as looming catastrophes. But no matter what, we have persisted. We are still the human race, retaining our red blood."



"And you, who claim to act for the sake of the human race, have abandoned the body of the human race, abandoned the dignity of the human race. In the end, you will become a grotesque aberration. Rather than saying everyone becomes a god, it is more accurate to say you are becoming vassals of the gods."

"Your method is a method of extermination. Everyone becomes a god, and no one is a human anymore."

The Variant Immortal School's school head was unfazed. This was his belief, and at this moment, his words reached new heights of conviction, causing even the neutral students of the Imperial Academy to waver.

Even Xu Qing took a few more glances at the school head. He didn't expect the other party's words to be so sharp.

Even some of the Divine Fusion School students fell silent and looked at the school head.

The Divine Fusion School's school head didn't speak but looked at the Seventh Prince beside him.

The Seventh Prince raised his brows and calmly spoke.

"Your Variant Immortal School's method is too traditional, stubborn, and conservative. You cling to past glory and refuse to let go. You harbor hostility towards all emerging ideas, especially towards my Divine Fusion School. However, the truth is that the students of the academy are clear-minded; they have their own judgment."

"This is the reason why I chose the Divine Fusion School and also the reason why all the students chose the Divine Fusion School."

As the voice rang out, the Divine Fusion School students agreed. They were the new generation. Although they were respectful of ancient traditions, they agreed more with changes.

Due to the Seventh Prince's identity, his words carried a lot of weight, so some neutral students felt their minds stirring. In an instant, the rainbow light from the Divine Fusion Dao platform shone brightly again.

The Divine Fusion School's school head looked at the Variant Immortal School's school head and calmly spoke.

"Do you see that? This is the reason why your Variant Immortal School declined. The era have changed."

The Variant Immortal school head sighed softly and remained silent.

Regarding the first topic about falsehood, the Variant Immortal School didn't gain any advantage.

After a while, the Principal asked the second topic.

"What is the race's Dao?"

This time, the first to speak was the side from the Divine Fusion School. The one who spoke was the chief disciple.

"In the Wanggu Continent, numerous races exist, with countless beings surpassing a trillion. Our vision must span the entirety of the Wanggu Continent. We should integrate the Dao of myriad races into the Dao of our human race, drawing from their strengths, refining ourselves, and complementing our weaknesses to achieve unprecedented accomplishments."

"The times have changed. We cannot dwell in the past. If we want change, we must change thoroughly. Only then can we truly continue our past achievements while forging new paths forward."

"And what's wrong with everyone becoming a god? We will be the foremost race in Wanggu. We will embrace everything and integrate everything. By that time, we might even call ourselves the divine race, reclaiming the unity of the Wanggu will not be an impossibility. And the fragmented-face in the sky won't bring us disasters anymore; It will bring us blessings!"

"Have you ever considered that the arrival of the fragmented-

face has changed everything, yet life still persists on the Wanggu Continent? Isn't it possible that this is actually an opportunity? Once we seize it, the fragmented-face will transform into our weapon."

When these words rang out, it was as though thunder had streaked across the world, shocking all the students.

However, it had to be said that although it deviated from the traditional doctrines, the statements seemed to hold logical reasoning. In an instant, everyone fell into deep thought.

 Among the various forces, some were disdainful, while others pondered.

The Human Emperor stared at the Divine Fusion School with a deep gaze.

The Divine Fusion School's school leader lifted his head, meeting the gaze of the Human Emperor. It was as though the statements spoken by the chief disciple were not truly directed towards the pupils or the Variant Immortal School, but towards the person whose gaze he met at this moment – the Emperor.

When Xu Qing saw this, he fell into deep thought.

As for the school leader of the Variant Immortal School, he laughed angrily.

"Ignorant brat, do you think the race's Dao is just one ideal?"

"That's not it at all!"

"The so-called race's Dao is the soul of the race, its heritage, its ideals, its civilization, and its will, all merged together."































































At this point, the school head decided to go all out. He stood up and pointed at the Human Emperor in the sky while shouting at the students below.

"Tell me, why is the Human Emperor Mystic War called the Human Emperor?"

"Back then, the Ancient Sovereign Mystic Nether was the sovereign of all races, but why was he called the Human Emperor as well?"

"Because we're humans!"

"Regardless of the past or the future, we are all humans. This is the soul, this is the heritage, this is the ideal, this is the civilization, this is the will, and this is also tradition."

"As for the fragmented-face in the sky, it has brought endless suffering to our human race and is our lifelong enemy. If we compromise, how can we justify to those countless people who have died from mutation over the years?"

"This is not the righteous path; it's a path of deviation!"

His tone was filled with heartfelt anguish, and his words resonated throughout the academy, stirring waves of thought among the students. Especially the two questions regarding the term 'Human Emperor', they forced people to delve deeper into contemplation.

The entire Imperial Academy became quiet.

The Human Emperor closed his eyes.

The Divine Fusion School's school head frowned under his mask. His gaze landed on the Variant Immortal School's school head. He once again sensed how difficult it was to deal with this small fry that he originally didn't take seriously.

After a long time, the Principal asked the third question.



"What is the righteous path?"

This time, just as someone on the Divine Fusion School's side was about to speak, the Divine Fusion School Head raised his hand. He looked at the Variant Immortal School's school head and spoke calmly.

"The righteous path is the orthodox path and also the path of justice."

"My Divine Fusion School is worthy of heaven and earth, worthy of the human race. Although we merge with divine parts, we adhere to the righteous path. But your Variant Immortal School is cruel and malicious, tormenting our own kind and absorbing their souls for cultivation. This is common knowledge."

"You kept on speaking about the human race and its soul, but you are just a hypocrite."

"Variant Immortal School is not worthy of the righteous path."

These words were spoken in a calm tone. Coupled with the matter of the Variant Immortal School, they formed an extremely lethal force, causing the words of the Variant Immortal School's school head that made people think deeply to instantly weaken.

"Can words from an unrighteous person be considered righteous?"

The Divine Fusion School's school head's words cut to the heart.

The students of Imperial Academy all lifted their heads and looked at the school head of the Variant Immortal School. The various forces outside also sighed one after another.

The case involving the Variant Immortal Dao seed was extremely vile, which turned the words of the Divine Fusion School's school head into sharp blades.

The Variant Immortal School Head opened his mouth, but he didn't know what to say.

He wanted to refute, but in the end, he could only remain silent. This was because even he had no way to defend himself against the massacre caused by the Variant Immortal Dao seed. During the period when the school was sealed up, his heart was similarly shaken.

Although this Dao discussion had only gone through two segments, at this moment, no matter what the Variant Immortal School said, it didn't seem to have much convincing power.

The Principal also sighed with emotion. At that moment, his gaze swept across the surroundings. Just as he was about to speak, a cold voice rang out from the crowd.

"The words of an unrighteous person are naturally not righteous, just as improper methods mean the school is also improper."

Xu Qing's voice echoed in all directions. Under the surprised gazes of the surrounding students, he walked into the air.

His sudden appearance instantly attracted the gazes of everyone here as well as the various forces outside. The Human Emperor, who had his eyes closed, opened them.

As numerous divine senses locked onto him and gazes stared at him, Xu Qing walked onto the Dao Platform of the Variant Immortal School step by step.

The Variant Immortal School's school head's breathing became hurried as he looked at Xu Qing. He was a little stunned and puzzled. He naturally knew this disciple but it was also because he knew him that the feeling of unfamiliarity became increasingly intense.

He never expected that this disciple named Xuan Leizi would walk out at this moment and say such words. All of this made him feel a little dazed.

In the end, this daze turned into intense anticipation and guesses.

As for Xu Qing, who was standing on the platform of the Variant Immortal School, his gaze was calm as he looked at the black platform of the Divine Fusion School. His gaze swept past everyone and finally landed on the Seventh Prince.

 The eyes of the Divine Fusion School's school head narrowed slightly as he stared at Xu Qing. A familiar feeling surfaced in his heart.

As for the Seventh Prince beside him, although he didn't feel that sense of familiarity, he felt an intense sense of danger. As Xu Qing's gaze swept over, it erupted in the Seventh Prince's body and affected his mind.

This lasted until a cold voice rang out from Xu Qing's mouth.

"Regarding the matter of the Variant Immortal Dao seed, I ask all the students and His Majesty to bear witness."

Xu Qing slowly spoke. He then lifted his right hand and gently pinched the jade token in his hand.

Immediately, the jade token emitted rays of light. These lights intertwined in the air and outlined a scene.

The scene showed a secret cultivation chamber in which a person was cultivating.

This person was the Seventh Prince.

Surrounding him were countless human souls, numbering no less than several million.

Among them were old and young, male and female, the vast majority of whom were ordinary people. They wailed, cried in pain, and begged for mercy, yet the Seventh Prince remained calm, showing no hint of pity. With each breath, he drew these souls of his fellow humans into his mouth.

Slowly chewing, he used the technique of the Divine Fusion School, using the souls of his fellow humans to break through the bottleneck of his own Divine Fusion art, allowing him to more rapidly assimilate more divine materials.

This was clearly extremely beneficial to him. Hence, there was actually a hint of joy in his expression.

When compared to the crying despair of the surrounding human souls, this scene… was shocking and heinous!

This jade token wasn't an ordinary item. Not only did it imprint the image, but it also retained the aura. It could withstand any method of verification. It was also because of this that the evilness of this scene was extremely clear.

The minds of every the students in Imperial Academy rumbled. Their eyes turned bloodshot and anger rose rapidly, causing the sky and earth to change color.

The various forces outside instantly fell into an uproar as they realized that heinous crime… was actually committed by the prince.

The degree of wickedness soared even more as it was committed by a member of the imperial family.

The Human Emperor's expression also darkened. A cold intent spread out from him and enveloped the entire Imperial City. In an instant, the sky outside darkened, and thunder roared across the world.

The Seventh Prince trembled however he tried his best to maintain his expression. He stood above and calmly spoke.

"Father, this image is fake. Someone forged this!"

"I am willing to prove myself with the Immortal Inquisition Bell. The person in this image isn't me!"

The Seventh Prince looked calm on the surface but his heart was trembling. No matter how freely he acted in Fenghai County, after he returned to the Imperial City, fear and panic yet occupied everything in front of the Human Emperor.

But since Xu Qing had appeared at this moment, he naturally wouldn't give him any chance to turn the tables. With a wave of his hand, the student who was parasitized by the shadow appeared.

Before he could speak, Xu Qing raised his hand and slapped his forehead. Instantly, the images from the man's memories began to rapidly form in the air.

Everything that happened in the house that day appeared in everyone's eyes.

The storm rose again.

A cold glint appeared in Xu Qing's eyes. Amidst the rumbling of the storm, he looked at the school head of the Divine Fusion School who was staring at him.

"Who is poisoning our race?"

"Who is devouring human souls?"

"Who's talking rashly?"

Xu Qing's voice was low. His three sentences shook the world.

The Variant Immortal School's school head was extremely excited. As for the Divine Fusion School's school head, he cast a deep glance at Xu Qing and fell silent.

The Seventh Prince stared fixedly at Xu Qing. With a sway of his body, he flew into the air and knelt toward the Human Emperor in the sky, speaking loudly.

"Father, someone is plotting against me. Please grant me a chance to prove my innocence. Under the Immortal Inquisition Bell, I can prove everything!"

In the projection of the palace in the sky, the Human Emperor looked at the Seventh Prince coldly and spoke in a deep voice.

"Approved."

His voice was similar to an imperial edict. His words always held sway, however today… was different from the past!

Xu Qing took a step forward and his voice echoed.

"There's no need."

"Rather than asking the bell, it's better to ask the sword!"

As he spoke, Xu Qing lifted his right hand and pointed at the sky.

"Emperor Sword!"































































The words 'Emperor Sword' echoed in all directions.

The sky of Imperial Academy trembled and clouds exploded, rumbling and spreading in all directions, transforming into rings of fluctuations that could be seen by the naked eye.

There was also a supreme might that came from void, turning into an invisible storm that suppressed the Imperial Academy.

All the white towers in the Imperial Academy swayed and the space shook. The students' hearts palpitated and their gazes were attracted by the figure wearing the same uniform as them on the white Dao platform.

At this moment, everyone was looking at that person.

"Did he just say… the Emperor Sword?"

"This person's identity…"

A thunderous sound erupted in the minds of the students and the various forces in the outside world.

The eyes of the Variant Immortal School's school head also revealed disbelief. He had thought that Xuan Leizi might be that hidden senior.

However, the development of the matter left him in a daze. The other party… didn't seem to be that senior but his identity was still shocking.

'It's actually him! He actually joined our Variant Immortal School?'

It was unknown if the Variant Immortal School's school head was shocked or delighted. Although the other party wasn't the person he thought he was, such an identity caused his heart to stir incomparably. He couldn't help but look over.

On the Dao platform, Xu Qing stood tall.

He wore a white linen robe and a student mask. He looked no different from other students of the Imperial Academy.

The identical attire and aura, under the academy's special rules, it was difficult to discern any differences. However, sometimes, the same attire on different individuals could evoke distinct impressions.



Especially in certain specific circumstances, these distinctions could be infinitely magnified.

Just like this moment.

Xu Qing didn't care about others' reactions. Right now, he only thought of the word 'kill'. He had wanted to kill the Seventh Prince for a long time.

Back then in Fenghai County, when the other party deliberately came late to force the old Palace Master to death for the sake of taking the credit, Xu Qing's killing intent had already been planted.

However, at that time, he couldn't do it.

Now, it was different.

At this moment, his gaze carried an imposing air, akin to the heavens and the Dao, infused with the will of humanity, as he looked coldly at the Seventh Prince.

In this moment, he held the higher ground, while the Seventh Prince, despite standing in midair, remained in a lower position.

As time passed, in many instances, the unique charm of life lay precisely in the transformations of status brought about by the flow of years and the passage of time.

The first time Xu Qing saw the Seventh Prince was when he rode a golden dragon in the sky, surrounded by thousands of soldiers and horses, appearing like a red sun on the battlefield at the border of Fenghai County.

The second time was in Fenghai County's capital. The other party was surrounded by cultivators, exuding a heroic spirit, and worshiped by thousands of people, attracting everyone's attention.

At that time, Xu Qing was among the remnants of the army outside the city. The Seventh Prince was like the sky, while Xu Qing was the ignored mud.

Subsequent encounters were pretty much the same.

It was only when Xu Qing returned from the Moon Offering that everything changed, and now… the situation had completely reversed.

This was the charm of time.

It was also why everyone desired opportunities. It was also what Xu Qing had obtained through his struggles.

Once, Xu Qing was not the cloud in the sky, but today, this Guyue Zhangan was mere mud.

A similar feeling also surfaced in the Seventh Prince's heart. It was difficult for him to maintain his composure at this moment, and his expression changed drastically.

In his eyes, the person who stood on the Dao Platform and refuted his father was high and mighty, like the red sun in the sky. Xu Qing was like the clouds, while he was like mud.

This perception transformed into an unprecedented trembling and complexity that erupted from his mind and affected his entire body.

 The gaze he used to look at Xu Qing was filled with anger and a hint of madness.

"You're Xu Qing!"

The Seventh Prince's voice was hoarse as he spoke word by word.

The scene unfolding in the sky had long made everyone guess Xu Qing's identity, and the Seventh Prince's words completely exposed this identity.

In an instant, the atmosphere in the entire Imperial Academy and even the entire Imperial City became extremely solemn.

This was because Xu Qing was an extraordinary person.

Not only was he the only region lord in the human race now, but he also carried the Emperor Sword!

To a certain extent, the existence of the Emperor Sword allowed him to have the qualifications to refute the Human Emperor.

However, being qualified and daring to truly do it were two different things.

Clearly, Xu Qing dared to do this!

He indeed possessed the status to utter the words 'rather than ask the bell, it's better to ask the sword'.

Especially now, the authority in his eyes gradually transformed into golden light, radiating in all directions.

Not only were there lights in his eyes, but even more golden beams shot out from within his body

In the blink of an eye, there were hundreds, thousands, and even tens of thousands of rays of golden lights surrounding Xu Qing, forming a sea of light.

Amidst the dazzling light, a large sword manifested behind Xu Qing under the gazes of everyone.

From afar, this sword appeared like bronze, adorned with intricate carvings that exuded both ancient meaning and dominance.

It carried the aura of primordial creation, emanating a supremely majestic and awe-inspiring presence that struck fear into the hearts of onlookers.

The Imperial Academy swayed and the Dao platforms cracked. Everyone who saw it was shocked.

Endless fortune of the human race transformed into clouds and gathered above the Imperial City. The ground continued to rumble and all the living beings in the Imperial City felt the urge to worship.

This was the sword of the race's Dao, the sword of the human race's will, and the sword of the human race's inheritance.

This was the Emperor Sword!

All of a sudden, the students in the Imperial Academy panted and instinctively knelt down in front of the Emperor Sword.

Even the upper echelons of the Divine Fusion School on the black Dao Platform felt their hearts churning and bowed towards the sword.

The Human Emperor fell silent and stared at Xu Qing without saying a word.

The Seventh Prince knew that Xu Qing had always wanted to kill him, just like how he wanted to kill the other party at all times. However, as one thing after another happened, it was very difficult for him to have an advantage. Hence, he could only choose to hide and wait for an opportunity.

But now, before he could obtain this opportunity, Xu Qing had already pushed him into a precarious situation. An intense sensation of life-and-death crisis rumbled in his mind. It kept rumbling and finally transformed into a hoarse shout.

"Xu Qing, how can you use the Emperor Sword for yourself!"

As he spoke, the Seventh Prince gazed towards the Emperor with a tender and admiring look in his eyes, evoking a ripple of emotion in the Emperor's gaze.

"Father Emperor, as your son and a prince, I have witnessed the decline of our people since childhood, witnessed your tireless efforts, and seen the suffering of the masses. My heart is filled with sorrow, and I have vowed to dedicate my life to the revival of our people."

"For this reason, I chose to rescue Fenghai County, to contribute to the expansion of our territories for the resurgence of our people. I am constantly mindful of the upbringing and teachings you have bestowed upon me since childhood. How could I ever stoop to such beastly actions!"

"The person in the image isn't me!"

The Seventh Prince's tone was filled with grief and indignation as his voice echoed in all directions.

The waves in the Human Emperor's eyes intensified. Although he still didn't speak, the pressure from him transformed into oppression that enveloped the Imperial Academy.

He was the Human Emperor but he was also a father.

Though the latter identity had been suppressed and faded into the background, it now resurfaced as someone attempted to kill his son before his very eyes. His identity as a father made it difficult for him to remain calm.

The Heavenly Kings under him looked at each other and finally stared at Xu Qing.

The Imperial Academy's students were already shaken, and the various forces outside were watching solemnly.

What was happening now was too significant.

The Seventh Prince's words indeed made sense.

However, just as everyone's thoughts were in turmoil, a cold voice rang out, as though winter had descended.

"Noisy."

Xu Qing coldly looked at the Seventh Prince and calmly spoke.

As soon as he finished speaking, massive figures appeared amidst the churning clouds in the sky. Each of these figures was astonishingly vast and their identities made people worship them.

They were… the venerable ancestors of the human race.

At that moment, they were all manifested.

The shock caused by their appearance caused waves in the eyes of the various forces outside and too shattered the Seventh Prince's doubts.

This wasn't a selfish usage of the Emperor Sword. This was formed by the blessing of the human race's fortune and the ancestors as evidence.

Xu Qing lifted his head and bowed to the sages in the sky.

"Today, I, Xu Qing, in the presence of our venerable ancestors, condemn the seventh son of the Human Emperor Mystic War, Guyue Zhangan, of treason against the human race!"

Xu Qing's gaze swept over and landed on the Seventh Prince, whose expression was finally filled with horror.

"Guyue Zhangan has committed four sins."

"Firstly, colluding with Illuminate and the once-enemy Holy Wave Race, this is a capital offense!"

As Xu Qing spoke, the Emperor Sword behind him shone with boundless light, its sword cry resonating through the heavens, shaking the earth.

"Secondly, in order to snatch battle merits, you caused the death of the Sword Holding Palace Master of Fenghai County, Kong Liangxiu, and watched as countless cultivators died unjustly in Fenghai County, all to enhance your own reputation, this is a capital offense!"

The Emperor Sword trembled violently, its sword cry growing fiercer, its aura surging in torrents.

"Thirdly, involvement in the murder of the previous Fenghai County Governor, this is a capital offense!"

The Emperor Sword roared, ascending into the sky and tilting towards the Seventh Prince. Countless auspicious energies empowered it, myriad rays of radiance pervaded the surroundings, accumulating a terrifying aura of annihilation.

"Fourthly, for cultivating an evil art and devouring the souls of countless humans, this is a capital offense!"

As Xu Qing spoke, the killing intent in his eyes turned intense. He lifted his hand and pointed at the trembling Seventh Prince who instinctively retreated.

"Emperor Sword, please slay this person!"

The instance Xu Qing finished speaking, the Emperor Sword in the air emitted supreme might. The heavens turned golden and illusory palaces rose from the ground. The figure of the Sword Holding Emperor manifested and stared over.

As the Emperor Sword moved, slashing towards the Seventh Prince, its sword aura soared. Its momentum was akin to a rainbow that could devour mountains and rivers, causing the void to shatter wherever it passed.

This sword contained the soul of the human race, bearing the weight of the vicissitudes of time, unstoppable and unblockable by anyone.

The Seventh Prince was overflowing with horror, rushing desperately towards the Emperor, despair evident in his cries.

"Father Emperor…"

His utterances ended here.

The Emperor's Sword, carrying the might to cleave through the heavens, swept across him. The Seventh Prince had neither the qualification to resist nor the ability to evade. In this sweep, his body trembled violently, his hands shattered, his legs crushed, and his torso exploded.

For a brief moment, remnants of resentment and terror lingered in his eyes, only to dissipate as his head was crushed, vanishing from the world.

He turned into ashes.

His soul too couldn't escape the calamity and directly disintegrated. His body and soul were destroyed completely.

The Dao he had cultivated all his life was too reduced to nothing at this moment.

His imperial bloodline couldn't delay his death.

Under the Emperor Sword, even an emperor could be killed, let alone a prince.































































The sky grew calm.

The earth fell silent.

The entire world seemed to become still.

But at this moment, within the Imperial Academy and among all the various forces in the Imperial Capital, violent storms surged in their hearts. All their divine senses, all their gazes, converged on the Emperor Sword in the air above the academy and… where the Seventh Prince had disappeared.

The Seventh Prince's body and soul were destroyed, and had no chance to enter reincarnation.

A dignified prince had fallen just like that.

This was the second prince who had died during the reign of the Human Emperor Mystic War.

Back then, when the Eleventh Prince died, the Human Emperor was filled with monstrous anger. In order to investigate this matter, the blood rain that was caused inside and outside the Imperial City spread to an extremely large range and countless people died.

It only slowly calmed down a year later.

Today… another prince died, right in front of the Human Emperor and countless people.

Moreover, the Human Emperor had already agreed for the Seventh Prince to use the Immortal Inquisition Bell to prove his innocence, but Xu Qing had refuted him.

As a result, the turmoil of their minds created a stifling atmosphere, with rapid breaths turning into a heavy tension. The gazes from all directions seemed to transform into towering mountains pressing down from all sides.

They gathered in the Imperial City and accumulated in the Imperial Academy. In the end, this heavy weight bore down upon Xu Qing.

Xu Qing's expression under the mask didn't change at all. He slowly descended from the air, landing on the white Dao platform. There, he bowed respectfully to the phantoms of the ancestors in the sky, to the Imperial Academy students below, and to the Variant Immortal School Head behind him.



Finally, he lifted his hand and paused a little, before slowly removing the mask on his face. He removed the concealment given by the Imperial Academy's rules and revealed his true appearance.

That face that was revealed in front of everyone was peerlessly beautiful.

Like the first ray of sunlight at dawn, it bathed the Imperial Academy in a gentle yet dazzling glow.

Beneath the arched eyebrows, a pair of eyes as deep as tranquil lakes, akin to the North Star in the night sky, exuded an aura of transcendence, calmness, and composure.

His long hair flowed like a waterfall, fluttering in the wind. Every strand was filled with the power of life and determination to kill.

All of this caused Xu Qing to resemble a radiant star in the night sky.

The corners of his student robe fluttered lightly like drifting clouds in a poem, and the remnants of golden light upon him shimmered like the reflection of the moon on a tranquil autumn lake—brilliant and serene.

The Emperor Sword whistled back, slowly fusing into Xu Qing's back. Although it gradually disappeared, its existence was the symbol of Xu Qing's identity.

Xu Qing lifted his head, casting one last glance towards the Emperor in the projection in the sky.

He bowed.

He bowed deeply, paying respects first as a student to the students and the Variant Immortal School, then removing his mask and bowing as the Region Lord to the Emperor.

The Human Emperor remained silent, and nobody knew what he was thinking. After a while, he slowly closed his eyes. The gazes of the thirteen Heavenly Kings under his command, though their faces were blurred, were filled with profound meaning as they looked at Xu Qing.

Xu Qing also didn't speak. After bowing, he came to the side of the shocked Variant Immortal School's school head and sat at the side with his eyes closed.

Last night, in that house, the moment he obtained the jade slip, he had already tried to summon the Emperor Sword. At that time… the Emperor Sword moved.

This was also the reason why Xu Qing was certain that the Seventh Prince would definitely die.

As for the many times the Seventh Prince wanted to prove himself with the Immortal Inquisition Bell, Xu Qing didn't want to test it and wouldn't give the other party this chance, regardless of whether the scene in the jade token was true or false.

That wasn't important.

The Emperor Sword moved and it was enough to explain everything.

As Xu Qing closed his eyes, the silence in the surroundings lasted for a long time before the sound of someone gulping could be heard. This was the first time in their lives that they had seen someone kill a prince with their own eyes.

This impact was incomparable.

Regardless of whether it was the people from the Imperial Academy or the cultivators from the Imperial Capital, the ones who were the most shaken were… the other princes.

 The Third Prince, who was standing beside the Principal, couldn't help but shudder. The gaze he used to look at Xu Qing was also filled with reverence and fear.

He wasn't clean either, so he was afraid.

Outside the Imperial Academy, from the Eldest Prince to the Tenth Prince, their hearts instinctively trembled. For them, Xu Qing's actions this time had already possessed the authority of the Tutor of the Princes.

Even the Tutor of the Princes only had the authority to restrain, not the right to execute.

How could they not be afraid of Xu Qing? After all… the move by the Emperor Sword represented the righteousness of the human race. Even the Human Emperor couldn't stop it, so how could the others resist?

"His authority… is too great!" This was the thought of all the princes other than Ning Yan.

When Xu Qing chose to sit beside the Variant Immortal School's school head, it gave off a different meaning.

All of a sudden, in the eyes of the students and various forces, the Variant Immortal School looked different.

This was the school Xu Qing had chosen. Moreover, Xu Qing had proved that this school wasn't evil. With the might of killing the Seventh Prince, he used blood to wash away the misunderstandings of the world about the Variant Immortal School and the slanders from the Divine Fusion School.

The emotional upheaval caused by these events had already reached an unprecedented level.

Soon, the rainbow light from the Variant Immortal School's Dao Platform directly soared from a thousand feet to tens of thousands of feet tall. All the students who had joined the Variant Immortal School were extremely excited at this moment.

As for the students from the other schools, perhaps they didn't approve of the Variant Immortal School, or perhaps they had never encountered Xu Qing before and were unfamiliar with him. However, now they witnessed Xu Qing displaying the might of the Emperor Sword without fear of the imperial power,

This scene brought an unprecedented huge impact to the younger generation.

"No wonder he could become the ruler of a region!"

"I heard that back then, it was Xu Qing who stood out alone and uncovered the cause of the storm in Fenghai County!"

"I also heard that during the Sword Holder's Heart Inquisition, Xu Qing's answer resulted in a 100,000 feet of light to shine. This means that his character can be trusted. I originally thought that this was more or less an exaggeration, but from the looks of it now, this might be the reason why the Emperor Sword chose him!"

"The person recognized by the Great Emperor and chosen by the Emperor Sword chose the Variant Immortal School. This school… must be extraordinary!"

As various thoughts echoed in the students' minds, the Variant Immortal School's school head felt tumultuous emotions surging within him. A sense of dizziness grew stronger, and he felt as if his head was congested, overwhelmed by waves of excitement.

Today's events had completely exceeded his expectations. Even now, he hadn't fully adapted to them. Instinctively, he looked towards Xu Qing beside him, opened his mouth to speak, but found himself at a loss for words.

Finally, he took a deep breath and lifted his head, proudly looking at the silent Divine Fusion School on the black Dao Platform.

The Divine Fusion School's school head's gaze remained fixed on Xu Qing, displaying a mixture of complexity, nostalgia, and a hint of sharpness. Eventually, he withdrew his gaze and looked towards the place where the Seventh Prince had fallen, sighing lightly.

'What a well-planned show for the Emperor… The Seventh Prince, this chess piece, hasn't demonstrated its value yet, nor has it reached the point of being extinguished, but it was prematurely detonated.'

'I think Xu Qing… has guessed my identity.'

'Twice… This time, I miscalculated by two points.'

The Divine Fusion School's school head sighed lightly, his gaze shifting towards the direction of the Star-Picking Tower. A sense of remorse welled up in his heart as he felt that he might truly be growing old.

At that moment, amidst the silence, the Principal let out a deep sigh.

He didn't expect such a situation to occur during a Dao discussion. Moreover, the Dao discussion… wasn't over yet.

Hence, after a brief moment of contemplation, he looked towards the Human Emperor.

"Proceed."

The Human Emperor spoke, his voice deep and resonant.

The Principal froze as he heard some additional meaning. Hence, his hoarse voice echoed in the Imperial Academy.

"The third segment of the Dao Discussion will be futurity!"

"Futurity signifies the future. Both the Variant Immortal School and the Divine Fusion School have already expressed their respective ideologies prior to this, but ultimately, we cultivators must see whose path leads straight to the Great Dao."

"The students here are witnesses. Please display your cultivation arts!"

After the Principal finished speaking, the Variant Immortal School's school head took a deep breath and stood up. All his cultivation base erupted and more than 100,000 soul threads spread out from his body, forming a vortex in the air. As it rumbled, it weaved into an earth child.

This was his limit but the Variant Immortal School… had an ancestor as well.

Shortly after, the earth child let out a roar in the direction of the Variant Immortal white tower.

The roar was like thunder that exploded in all directions. In the white tower of the Variant Immortal School, the room of seclusion opened loudly. A white-haired old man in a Daoist robe walked out.

This old man wasn't wearing a mask and his eyes were filled with spirit. His entire body emitted a terrifying pressure as he walked step by step in the air.

In the blink of an eye, he arrived on the Dao Platform of the Variant Immortal School.

His appearance caused many discussions. The Principal stared at the person and spoke softly.

"Chen Daoze."

The person who arrived was none other than the ancestor of the Variant Immortal School, Chen Daoze.

At that moment, he was standing on the Variant Immortal Dao Platform. The first person he looked at wasn't the Principal but Xu Qing.

After staring at him, Chen Daoze nodded slightly. He then gazed at the Principal and cupped his fists.

"Principal, I just exited my secluded practice, so I am a bit late."

"The discussion of futurity will be shown by me."

As he spoke, Chen Dao's body rumbled and soul threads rose from his sea of consciousness. 100,000, 200,000, 300,000, 400,000… Finally, 600,000 soul threads covered the sky and earth, churning in all directions.

Its aura shook the area.

Finally, they gathered and weaved together, forming an even more vast figure. Divine power spread out, the world dimmed, and anomalous substances spread.

That figure was a god!

It was a black-skeleton god who had been killed by the Great Emperor in years past.

Tattered black robes billowed around its form, while its deer-like body was covered in scales, and its four eyes exuded a light that incorporated the light of the sun and moon. Standing tall in the sky, it instilled fear in all living beings.

The students of the Imperial Academy were rendered speechless, while those from various forces outside were equally shaken to their core.

Those who knew about the Variant Immortal School knew that 600,000 soul threads had never been accomplished before. It was almost a myth. Hence, an uproar broke out.

"600,000 to weave the body of a god…"

"This… this is the Variant Immortal School?"

Gasps of horror rang out in the surroundings of the Imperial Academy's Dao platform.

"It's merely a form, devoid of its divinity. Using 600,000 soul threads just for this, looks like the Variant Immortal art is nothing more than this."

Amidst the uproar of the students, a low voice emanated from the black Dao Platform where the school head of the Divine Fusion School stood.

He recognized that his time was running out, and at this moment, he no longer cared about life or death. What he cared about was displaying the item.

Since the display item prepared for the buyer had been cut down before demonstrating its value, why not use himself as the display item?

At the pondered of this, a hint of determination appeared in the eyes of the Divine Fusion School's school head. As his voice echoed, he slowly positioned up.

Xu Qing's eyes also opened at this instance as he gazed at the school head. At this moment, his killing intent couldn't be suppressed and transformed into an invisible sword that was extremely sharp.































































As the voice of the Divine Fusion School's school head continued to echo, his figure rose from the Dao Platform. With a step forward, he left the platform and stood in the air.

Standing there, his gaze swept past Xu Qing. Finally, he lifted his head and looked at the Human Emperor in the projection. After a slight bow, a terrifying aura erupted from him.

This aura surrounded his body in wisps, continuously swirling and forming visible vortexes that spread throughout the entire Imperial Academy. Wherever it passed, it was like a sweeping storm.

Suddenly, fierce winds howled, and the Dao Platform trembled. Everyone took a step back, their eyes filled with solemnity. This aura was truly inhuman.

Xu Qing's gaze also narrowed. He understood Illuminate and had also seen Saintly Star's father's god specimen body. Moreover, his understanding of gods far exceeded the norm.

After all, his divine repository could let him transform into a god.

Hence, at this moment, he could tell at a glance that the aura on the Divine Fusion School's school head's body was composed of anomalous substances and divine sources.

That was indeed the case.

At that moment, the divinity emanating from the Divine Fusion School's school head was incredibly prominent, resembling the presence of god's sense descending upon the mortal realm.

"In the discussion of futurity, it is about showcasing the essence of the school. While the Divine Fusion School's art isn't perfect, it's currently the closest method to become a god."

The Divine Fusion School's school head spoke hoarsely. He lifted his left hand and pushed upwards.

In an instant, the skin on his left hand ignited with black flames. His skin turned into ashes in a moment, revealing his true right hand.

This hand was black, resembling crystal, a hand made entirely of black crystal. Within it surged dense divinity, intertwined with the flow of divine sources.



Everyone who saw it was shocked.

The various forces were also in deep thought.

The Human Emperor was expressionless. His eyes were pitch-black like an abyss. The 13 Heavenly Kings under him remained silent.

Only the voice of the Divine Fusion School's school head echoed.

"This is my god's left hand, fused from the crystal cores of 1,798 divine creatures."

"The students of the God Fusion School tried different fusion methods, with a total of 3,175 different permutations summarized. I personally tried each one and determined the correct sequence. By following this method, low-level cultivators will be able to form a hand like mine in a hundred years."

"Higher level cultivators can achieve it in an instant."

The Divine Fusion School's school head spoke softly. After he finished speaking, he lifted his right hand as well. The skin on it instantly dissipated and a god's right hand that was completely different from his left hand appeared in front of everyone.

This right hand was purplish red and was squirming. Upon closer look, one could see that what formed this right hand were purple nematodes.

Every nematode emitted the fluctuations of divinity, densely intertwining with each other. The intensity of these fluctuations shook Imperial Academy, causing a surge in anomalous substances, shrouding everything in a blurred sensation.

The sky suddenly dimmed. Lightning flashed and thunder rumbled, roaring through the world.

Regardless of whether it was the students or the various forces, their expressions changed to varying degrees after sensing this scene.

Xu Qing's gaze became increasingly sharp. Through this hand, he could already tell that Illuminate's experiments on gods had already reached beyond the level of god specimens.

"This is my god's right hand. extracted from the remains of an unknown god who perished alongside a scattered nonhuman race's emperor."

"According to the methods of the Divine Fusion School, directly absorbing the remains of a god would be beyond what the body can withstand. Hence, a balance is needed. The first step is the left hand, which had to be completed before I attempted the right hand."

"The exact method is recorded in the Divine Fusion records."

The Divine Fusion School's school head explained in detail. It was as though in his understanding, his body didn't belong to him at this moment but was just a commodity.

He seemed like a shopkeeper, presenting his goods to a buyer.

"And my body…"

The Divine Fusion School's school head rose higher in the sky. He placed his arms on his robe and suddenly removed them. Amidst the tearing sounds, his robe was torn apart, revealing a sinister-looking body.

This body was pieced together from a large number of divine materials.

Some places had bones growing out, some had fur, some were filled with scales, some were like crystals, and some had nematodes and bugs of various shapes.

 Every piece emitted a dense divine fluctuation.

From afar, it seemed as if someone had spilled a palette onto a canvas, violently mixing the colors to create a chaotic array. Some areas were distinctly separated like stitched seams, while others had seamlessly blended together.

Yet, strangely, with prolonged observation, this chaos seemed to have reversed itself, giving rise to an overwhelming sense of order, imbued with a unique sense of beauty and a degree of natural perfection.

It was as though this was a perfect work of the creator.

Its aura erupted explosively amidst everyone's shock. As wind and clouds surged, the surroundings became more blurry and anomalous substances grew violently.

The Imperial Academy actually showed signs of transforming into a forbidden zone.

This scene shook the world.

The Human Emperor leaned forward slightly and took a closer look.

The Heavenly Kings under him also had strange gazes.

Xu Qing's expression was also solemn. This was because he could sense the emotions of desire from the shadow.

"Fragrant… Eat… don't dare."

The only thing that was incongruous with this body was the location of the heart on its chest… That area was sunken and there was no heart.

"This body was formed from 9,785 types of divine materials. The sequence of fusion has to be correct, or the body will collapse. After many years of experiments, I finally found the correct sequence. There are also low-level substitutes documented in my school's records."

"As for the heart, you can see that it… is missing."

The Divine Fusion School Master raised his hand and touched the hole in his caved-in chest.

"This is because this is the last step of my Divine Fusion School method and also the main point that determines strength. It requires the heart of an utmost powerful expert. Once it is fused…"

The school head swept his gaze across the surroundings and calmly spoke.

"I'll have the foundation of a god."

"At that time, Nihility could use this method to break through the limit of aptitude and change their path to a divine cultivator."

As soon as these words were spoken, the hearts of many people from the various forces in the capital trembled.

"The Soul Accumulation can also use this to break through the shackles of the bloodline and change to the Divine Dao."

This sentence caused the eyes of the Heavenly Kings under the Human Emperor to shine even brighter.

"As for the ruler… by coordinating with some special rituals, burning all this can achieve the goal of continuing the path, turning it into the key to divinity, a monochrome divine fire!"

"As for the divine cultivators, there's no such thing as the ruler realm. There's only the process of accumulating and igniting the divine fire. Below the divine fire, everything is divinity, with varying strengths, but ultimately their level is not high enough.

Only when the divine fire is ultimately ignited can one leap over the dragon gate, turning the world upside down and experiencing a comprehensive enhancement.

Afterward, all races referred to them as gods. In past eras, this level compared to cultivators is akin to being a Ruler or a half immortal."

"So, although cultivating divine fire seems like a cultivation art of the same level for a Ruler, in reality, the path of a Ruler is already blocked. The moment one becomes a ruler, progress becomes difficult, and it's even more unlikely to break through to become a Quasi Immortal. However, after changing to the divine fire, if it burns with seven colors or more, one reaches the level of a high god, akin to the pinnacle of Ruler. This is a different kind of cultivation."

"If one can ultimately cultivate the nine-colored divine fire and raise their own Dao altar, they will be an existence that surpasses a high god."

"For example, the Great Emperors who were at Quasi Immortal realm."

"And this is the answer to the futurity by our Divine Fusion School. It is also a gift our school has prepared for the human race."

After the Divine Fusion School's school head finished speaking, he bowed to the Human Emperor.

The Imperial Academy and the various forces remained silent. The Human Emperor closed his eyes.

Everyone was thinking about the words of the Divine Fusion School's school head. Although the Variant Immortal School had also displayed the image of a god, their level was clearly inferior to the Divine Fusion School.

Hence, the Variant Immortal School's school head was a little anxious and looked at his ancestor. Chen Daoze was very calm. He waved his hand and dispersed the god's image, turning it back into 600,000 soul threads that returned to his body.

After that, he stood on the white Dao platform and looked at Xu Qing. He then lowered his head and bowed.

Everyone who saw this bow instantly felt their hearts stir.

The heart of the Variant Immortal School's school head trembled. The thoughts he had eliminated earlier instantly rose again and he abruptly looked at Xu Qing.

"Is he…"

The Principal, the Third Prince, and all the students here were in deep thought. An unbelievable premonition instantly rose in their minds.

"Could it be…"

The various forces outside also quickly suppressed their thoughts about the Divine Fusion School. Their gazes and perception then landed on Xu Qing again.

Under the convergence of the thoughts of everyone, Xu Qing slowly stood up from the Dao platform.

His rise caused everyone to be shocked and all the princes' hearts to palpitate. They only relaxed after seeing that there remained no golden light in Xu Qing's eyes and that the Emperor Sword didn't manifest.

This time around, Xu Qing didn't manifest the Emperor Sword, but he also had no intention of concealing the matter of the Variant Immortal School's soul seed. Since he was going to kill, he would do so thoroughly. The rise of the Variant Immortal School would also be a thorough rise. he.

At the thought of this, Xu Qing took a step forward. The instant he took this step, soul threads shot out from his body and headed straight for the sky.

100,000, 300,000, 500,000, 800,000, 1 million…

This wasn't the end. 1.1 million, 1.2 million, 1.3 million!

A total of 1.3 million soul threads stirred up a storm in the sky and churned in all directions, causing the sky to transform into pitch-black. It remained a shocking sight, as though doomsday had arrived.

Very soon, these soul threads transformed into a huge vortex that covered the entire sky. It was as though they had replaced the sky and become the sky!

Its aura shook everything in the surroundings.

All the students around the Dao platform were shocked when they saw this scene. There were even people from the Variant Immortal School who cried out involuntarily.

"This is… how many soul threads!"

"It's more than twice that of Ancestor Chen Dao!"

The various forces outside were moreover shaken.

Xu Qing's long hair fluttered as he stepped forward and walked into the air step by step. When he arrived in front of the million soul threads and lowered his chief to look at the ground, he lifted his right palm and waved it. Immediately, the 1.3 million soul threads behind him surged and began to weave.

In the blink of an eye, the first layer of god form appeared.

Xu Qing walked out and positioned in front of the god. There were stars in his eyes as he stared at the Divine Fusion.































































1.3 million soul threads were like a million long snakes that kept intertwining and gathering, forming a shocking body that was thousands of feet tall.

This body had the form of the Ghost Emperor, exuding a pressure that could shake the world. Above its head, a crown formed by D132 descended, crowning it like an emperor. Its aura permeated with imperial majesty, transforming into golden dragons roaring in all directions.

Even the morning glow was simulated by the soul threads, shining around it, giving it a halo of a god.

The roar of the mosasaur echoed within it, thundering like heavenly thunder, shaking the minds of all onlookers. The sense of heavenly Dao was particularly strong, burning fiercely within it like a furnace.

The flames of the furnace spread outward, forming a vast sea of fire that surged and rolled for 50 kilometers.

The towering body in the center of the sea of fire raised its right hand and grabbed at the air. Immediately, a Golden Crow spear appeared, firmly held in its grasp. With a wave of its hand, the spear tilted and pointed at the Divine Fusion School's school head.

The shape of the Golden Crow could be seen on the spear tip. It was very clear and its eyes were sharp. It spat out flames that fused into the sea of fire. Under this enhancement, the towering body gave off the presence of a god.

This was Xu Qing's first god form and it was the most complete form!

However, it was different from the past. This time, He didn't fuse with Xu Qing but was behind Xu Qing, emanating monstrous divine might.

As for Xu Qing, he stood in front of the god form and stepped on the flames. Compared to the god form, the difference in size was clearly huge but he gave off the feeling of controlling a god.

It was as though the god had become a foil.

This scene caused everyone in the Imperial Academy and the various forces to be shaken, even the Human Emperor was observing closely.

The school head of the Variant Immortal School was extremely excited. Beside him, Chen Daoze took a deep breath. He had mixed feelings and emotions in his eyes.



As for the disciples from the Variant Immortal School, they no longer hid their identities. Their eyes are filled with excitement, unable to hide their admiration for Xu Qing's actions, yearning to follow in his footsteps.

This Dao discussion between the two major schools had unknowingly become Xu Qing's stage alone.

He killed a prince and showed himself as a Variant Immortal.

And now, his other identity was self-evident.

The Variant Immortal School's… mysterious master!

One had to know that this mysterious master was discussed to be the strongest ancestor of the Variant Immortal School and the source of the rise of the Variant Immortals.

Hence, Xu Qing's appearance now caused an incomparably intense commotion among the Variant Immortal School disciples.

Those core disciples of the Variant Immortal School were already shocked when Xu Qing revealed his identity as a region lord. Now that they realized that Xu Qing was actually the source of the Variant Immortal School, their hearts were in turmoil.

The core disciple who once glared angrily at Xu Qing was now pale-faced, while those who vied for the chief disciple position were also feeling uneasy.

As for the three core disciples who had joined earlier than Xu Qing, their eyes were wide open.

"Ancestor… was printing the newsletters with us?"

There was also a student in the crowd. This person was none other than the mysterious woman outside the Star Emperor's branch sect back then. She looked at Xu Qing who was in the air. She looked extremely confident and her heart continued to fluctuate.

"So, it's you!"

The woman gritted her teeth.

Under the gaze of everyone, Xu Qing, who was standing in front of the god form, stared at the Divine Fusion School's school head and calmly spoke.

"Variant Immortal School refines soul threads and uses it to weave divinity, forming divine figures."

"However, all of this is only the surface. The greatest use of the Variant Immortal School is to turn the divine source into the power to break through!"

"When you reach your limit, burn the divine figure and transform it into a huge driving force to forcefully break through the barrier and connect to the path ahead. You can then arrive into a new path, using the god to become an immortal, a Variant Immortal."

"In outsider's perspective, the reason why Variant Immortal School declined in the past was due to its slow cultivation progress. However, in reality, it was because there had never been a million soul threads."

"A million soul threads can give birth to Dao seeds. By integrating Dao seeds, disciples can accelerate their cultivation."

"Now, 300,000 Variant Immortal soul threads can weave the divine figure behind me, reaching the first stage of Nihility. Burning it can advance cultivation and break through the barrier!"

As Xu Qing spoke, he looked at Chen Daoze.

 Chen Daoze naturally knew what Xu Qing meant. Hence, he took a deep breath and bowed respectfully to Xu Qing. After that, he lifted his head and stared at the divine figure behind Xu Qing. He was extremely meticulous, observing every inch of it.

He had been immersed in the Variant Immortal School art for more than 2,000 years and his observation skills had long been perfected. Even though Xu Qing's divine figure was complicated, he still understood something a while later. He lifted his right hand and waved it.

Immediately, 600,000 soul threads spread out from his body and danced outside. They quickly weaved behind him, forming the outline of a prototype and undergoing subtle adjustments.

Finally… a god form body that was slightly smaller than Xu Qing's was weaved.

It had the exact same appearance and even its aura was the same. The only difference was that Xu Qing's divine figure was more realistic.

Their essences were originally different. However, with the help of the Dao seed, their essences became similar at this instant.

This scene shocked everyone.

After all, seeing and doing were completely different things.

The disciples of the Variant Immortal School were all excited because Ancestor Chen Daoze had formed Xu Qing's divine figure. This meant that everyone who met the requirements in the future could do it. This was hope.

The most excited person was the school head of the Variant Immortal School. What he saw was even more profound than ordinary students, and knew that this scene was extremely significant.

This was an unprecedented development of the Variant Immortal School's cultivation art. It raised the Variant Immortal School to a higher level.

Before this, 200,000 soul threads was the limit of the Variant Immortal School.

Now, they had reached a step higher.

Ordinary students didn't realize this meaning but most of the various forces understood. While they had mixed feelings, they also foresaw that the Variant Immortal School… would belong to Xu Qing from now on.

Regardless of whether it was from Xu Qing's identity as the source or his contribution to the rise of the Variant Immortal School, this school would completely belong to Xu Qing alone in the future.

This would be his school!

Everyone fell into deep thought. However, Xu Qing wasn't finished yet.

"100,000 soul threads can be used to weave the earth child. 200,000 soul threads can be used to weave Heavenly Kui. As for this divine image that can be formed from 300,000 soul threads, it is called the Emperor God… Next, there's the form of 500,000 soul threads!"

As he spoke, Xu Qing closed his eyes. The god form behind him dispersed and 1.3 million soul threads expanded, covering the sky again.

When the world darkened, these soul threads rapidly contracted and gathered again, weaving again, transforming into black poison mist that molded a demonic god-like body.

An armor covering its entire body, and the fog on its back transformed into a cloak that fluttered in the wind, covering the sky.

Decay and poison erupted from this body. Darkness and gloom spread in all directions.

Xu Qing opened his eyes. Nether flames appeared within the helmet of the divine image, coldly surveying the heavens and earth, like a demon.

"This is a Demonic God."

Xu Qing's voice was a little hoarse and his tone was cold.

When the cultivators saw the Demonic God and sensed its poison, their expressions instantly changed.

They felt that the first divine image was still alright, but they could sense a dense aura of death from the second one.

Before everyone could continue sensing, Xu Qing lifted his hands. The second god form behind him expanded, undergoing a bizarre transformation.

Purple appeared in the darkness and transformed into long hair that continued to extend until it landed on the ground. From afar, it looked like a purple waterfall.

The armor disappeared, revealing Xu Qing's appearance, while its body took on an even more sinister appearance. Outside the crystal-like bones, there were numerous blood vessels intertwining, forming flesh, and countless blood vessels spread out like tentacles in all directions.

Enormous wings formed from purple feathers and flesh began to emerge on its back. With a slight movement, the heavens and earth lost their color, and the winds began to howl.

Finally, a purple moon slowly rose behind it!

The appearance of this form was like the eruption of anomalous substances. Everything turned hazy, but the invasive power of the anomalous substances was restrained, and only its aura spread.

The god's aura.

"This god's name is Purple Moon. It can be weaved with a million spirit threads."

"And all of these are Variant Immortals."

Xu Qing, who was in front of the third god form, slowly opened his eyes.

As for the cultivators from all directions, they were completely in an uproar. While they were shocked by Xu Qing's Purple Moon body, Xu Qing's voice was still echoing.

"This is the method of the Variant Immortal School. You don't have to use heavenly materials to replace your body, nor do you have to take on an inhuman appearance. With a thought, the Variant Immortal can reverse the heavens and earth and form their own immortal body."

"To weave a god and break through one's shackles is a variant."

"To control a god and fight for oneself, that is an immortal."

"This is the ideology of the Variant Immortal School."

"There's a concept in the Divine Fusion School that I agree with. Gods are just tools, but we don't have to become gods. With the path of immortals, it's not impossible to use gods as tools."

Xu Qing calmly spoke, his voice echoing in everyone's minds.

Regardless of whether it was in everyone's gaze or minds, Xu Qing's status continued to increase.

He was the ruler of a region. He carried the Emperor Sword and was the source of Variant Immortals. He had killed the prince and displayed three terrifying gods. All of this combined with Xu Qing's words at this moment caused his prestige to reach its peak.

This kind of peak was also the result Xu Qing wanted. This was because this could allow his words to have more weight and kill people against whom the Emperor Sword didn't move.

The Emperor Sword couldn't be controlled at will.

For example, Xu Qing had called out to the Emperor Sword to make a move against the Divine Fusion School's academy head, but it didn't move.

Xu Qing didn't have much thoughts about this.

He believed in the Emperor Sword, but he also knew that when the Emperor Sword killed people, it depended on the harm they caused to the human race, and it wouldn't move because of personal grudge.

However, Xu Qing wasn't the Emperor Sword.

He didn't have such noble sentiments. What he thought about were first his friends and Fenghai County. As for the Imperial Capital, he didn't have a sense of belonging.

Therefore, since what the academy head of the Divine Fusion School did didn't cause the Emperor Sword to move, he would do it himself.

Hence, his gaze first landed on the Human Emperor in the projection before he retracted it. He looked at the academy head of the Divine Fusion School who had a complicated expression on his face, and killing intent rose in his gaze as he spoke in a deep voice.

"Bai Xiaozhuo, the former Fenghai County Governor of the Purple Green Kingdom, what do you think about this?"































































Perhaps some individuals already knew the true identity of the Divine Fusion School's school head. However, 99% of the humans in the Imperial City had no idea about this at all.

After all, the special rules of the Imperial Academy caused the identities of the people inside to be protected.

Previously, very few people in the Grand Imperial Capital Region had heard of the organization 'Illuminate'. It was only when the incident in Fenghai County happened that its name spread throughout the entire human race like a storm.

After that, following the decree of the Human Emperor, a manhunt for Illuminate ensued, causing the name Illuminate to become widely recognized.

Hence, in the perception of the vast majority of cultivators, Illuminate came to represent chaos, evil, and disaster, especially with the blood performances of this organization, which were even more horrifying to those who were paying attention.

As the protagonist of the event in Fenghai County, the rumors surrounding Bai Xiaozhuo solidified his identity in the hearts of all living beings as a representative figure of Illuminate.

Hence, after Xu Qing's words rang out, it was as though thunder had exploded in the world, rumbling through space and echoing in all directions of the Imperial City.

"Illuminate?"

"How is this possible!"

"The Divine Fusion School's school head is Bai Xiaozhuo?"

The sound of commotion erupted uncontrollably from the mouths of various students within the academy, especially among those of the Divine Fusion School, causing intense reverberations in their minds.

They couldn't believe it, so their initial reaction was to consider the whole thing absurd. If it weren't for the momentum and status that Xu Qing had accumulated previously, along with the scene of the Emperor Sword slaying a prince, there would surely have been someone at this moment ready to voice their anger.

Nevertheless, Xu Qing's words still stirred up turmoil within the Divine Fusion School's students, while the faces beneath the masks of the upper echelons of the Divine Fusion School underwent various.

They didn't believe it either. Hence, gazes gathered from all directions and landed on the school head of the Divine Fusion School in the sky.



The Divine Fusion School's school head calmly looked at Xu Qing.

Xu Qing stood there and also looked at the school head.

"Back then, I paid my respects to you, Deputy Governor, for your kindness in giving lessons and clearing my doubts, bringing peace to my heart."

Xu Qing calmly spoke. It was a similar scene, a similar moment, with the same two people but different identities.

"It's the same as back then. Deputy Governor, we meet again."

"Illuminate cultivators disdain lying and emphasize on everything being reasonable."

"I said these words in Fenghai County, but you went against your conscience."

Xu Qing was calm and there were no emotions in his eyes.

The gaze of the Divine Fusion School's school head was deep. He felt complicated as he sighed, but didn't say a word.

Xu Qing shook his head.

"Deputy Governor, do you still remember what I said back then? If Divine Fusion's matter were your blood performance, then I still think it is quite disappointing."

"What's bad isn't just about the performance, it is about you as a person, going against your principles. You don't deserve to be called Illuminate."

"So, are you going to go against your heart again today?"

"Deputy Governor, please correct me."

Xu Qing's voice echoed.

The Divine Fusion School's school head closed his eyes and raised his right hand, placing it on his mask. After a pause, he slowly took it off, revealing his true appearance.

It was the Bai Xiaozhuo from Xu Qing's memories.

Numerous gazes instantly gathered. Countless people's hearts were in their throats and the entire Imperial Academy fell silent.

To cultivators, looks couldn't be used as a basis. The aura they gave off was the main basis for identification. However, the current Bai Xiaozhuo's aura was completely different from when he was in Fenghai County.

Therefore, he could actually refute.

However, Xu Qing's words were as sharp as back then.

 "Xu Qing, we meet again."

Bai Xiaozhuo, who had taken off his mask, had a calm expression.

"I didn't disappoint you this time, right? I'm Bai Xiaozhuo, the Purple Green Kingdom's Fenghai County Governor, Bai Xiaozhuo!"

Bai Xiaozhuo's voice rang out. That calmness filled his entire person with an indescribable aura. It also stirred up a monstrous storm in the Imperial Capital.

All the students' hearts rumbled and their eyes revealed shock. As for the students of the Divine Fusion School, they trembled..

All the trust instantly collapsed after he personally admitted it. What followed was confusion, madness, and anger.

The school head of the Divine Fusion School was actually Illuminate, whom everyone wanted to kill!

It was Bai Xiaozhuo, who had brought the calamity to Fenghai County and caused countless humans to die!

The revelation brought by these pieces of information filled the hearts of the students in the academy with upheaval. As for the high-ranking members of the Divine Fusion School, their minds were tumultuous at this moment.

They couldn't believe it, nor were they willing to believe it. However, the truth was already in front of them.

An even greater storm erupted outside the Imperial Academy. The expressions of the various forces changed one after another. No matter what, at least on the surface, Illuminate and Bai Xiaozhuo couldn't exist in the world.

Hence, many auras locked onto him from all directions. The entire Imperial Academy was filled with an oppressive atmosphere.

Killing intent filled the air, bringing with it a coldness that was like the harsh winter.

The Principal didn't move, but his gaze was profound. With a wave of his hand, the Imperial Academy rumbled, and a protective array formation spread out from the Dao platform below, enveloping the surroundings and protecting all the students.

However, Bai Xiaozhuo didn't seem to care about these anymore. He looked at Xu Qing and his hoarse voice rang out.

"You stood up alone in Fenghai County."

"Today as well, you're the only one who stood up."

"Xu Qing, aren't you sad? Is such a humanity what you want?"

"Your Emperor Sword won't move against me. Don't you understand what it means?"

Xu Qing shook his head.

"Too complicated, I don't want to think about it."

"I only know that I stood up in Fenghai County because of an old man I respect very much. He died in battle but he's still alive in my heart."

"Regarding today's matter, Deputy Governor, you have misunderstood."

"I only stood up because I want you to die."

Xu Qing's tone was calm.

"It's that simple?" The Deputy Governor laughed and asked the same question as before.

"Do I need anything else?" Xu Qing replied the same way as before.

"I believed you would say a lot this time." The Deputy Governor smiled.

"I didn't last time, and I won't this time."

After Xu Qing finished speaking, he took a few steps back and returned to the white Dao platform of the Variant Immortal School. He then sat cross-legged.

He no longer cared about Bai Xiaozhuo who was in the air.

He had already done what he desired to do and revealed the latter's identity. Now, there was no need for him to act.

That was because in the face of righteousness, no matter what standpoint one had, one couldn't choose to ignore it. The Human Emperor would deal with the subsequent matters.

After all, this wasn't Fenghai County but the Imperial Capital.

This was indeed the case.

The Human Emperor lifted his head and his gaze landed on Bai Xiaozhuo. His dignified voice descended upon the world.

"Imperial Academy Principal, capture the fugitive, Bai Xiaozhuo!"

When the Principal listened this, his hunched body slowly straightened. His white hair turned black and the wrinkles on his face instantly disappeared. He transformed from an old man to a middle-aged man.

His body also emitted cracking sounds as he grew in size. The aura on his body erupted like a furnace, spreading out in waves. There were a thousand dao marks in his eyes and countless phantoms behind him. The sky changed color and an illusory world appeared on his left shoulder.

It was the Perfected Nihility Realm!

The imperial bloodline in him formed a golden dragon in the illusory world. The dragon rushed out and flew in the sky, letting out a roar at Bai Xiaozhuo.

The Principal took a step forward. With this step, the sky and earth seemed to have reversed. Countless rules and laws changed according to his wishes. Images of the sun, moon, and stars appeared as though the stars had moved.

Bai Xiaozhuo fell silent. He retracted his gaze from Xu Qing and observed at the sky. No one understood what he was thinking or looking at. The aura on his body also soared at this moment.

The anomalous substances spread out, and the divine sources rose, emitting the same battle prowess fluctuations as the Principal.

However, his combat strength didn't come from his cultivation base but from his divinity.

At that moment, he lifted his left hand and pressed down on the golden dragon. As he waved his right hand, the surrounding anomalous substances formed a divine image that moved toward the Principal.

A rumbling sound exploded in the sky.

The two sides clashed, causing the space of Imperial Academy to tremble, the sky to darken as if doomsday had arrived, and fierce winds swept in from all directions, howling wildly.

Every time they clashed, it was like heavenly thunder, resonating throughout.

It was a confrontation between the rules and divinity, a bombardment between laws and divine sources, and above all, a duel between immortal cultivation and divine cultivation.

Xu Qing calmly observed at everything.

Bai Xiaozhuo was even stronger than when he was in Fenghai County.

'He should be stronger than this. He hasn't showed his puppet technique yet and the core of the Divine Fusion hasn't been revealed.'

As Xu Qing muttered to himself, the sky swayed and a vast figure manifested. It was like the hand of a god blotted out the sky as it pressed down on the Principal.

The Principal was expressionless. The world on his left shoulder suddenly rose, emitting a resplendent and piercing light, overlapping with him, confronting the imposing force.

Amidst the deafening sound, Bai Xiaozhuo remained calm, waving his hand. Immediately, five vortexes appeared in the void behind him and five puppets walked out from within them.

It was impossible to tell if they were humans because their bodies were all pieced together from divine materials that emitted the power of the divine sources, causing the anomalous substances here to become denser again.

Each of them emanated fourth stage Nihility energy and illusory worlds materialized around them. However, they were dead worlds, and within these worlds, statues of different gods were erected.

After they appeared, they headed toward the Principal with killing intent.

However, as one of the important places in the Imperial Capital, the Imperial Academy naturally didn't have just one expert. In an instant, seven to eight figures teleported over from all directions.

These people were all the leaders of some schools. The moment they appeared and joined the battlefield, the battlefield became even chaotic.

Fortunately, the space in the Imperial Academy was still stable and the array formation's defense was powerful. Hence, the students here were fine but there were still some who were bleeding.

At the same time, in the projection of the palace in the sky, a Heavenly King turned his head and observed at the Human Emperor.

The Human Emperor didn't say anything.

The Heavenly King retracted his gaze and continued to look at the battle, not making a move.

Xu Qing was also watching.































































Xu Qing knew his strength. He wasn't a match for Bai Xiaozhuo, who had the strength of the Perfected Nihility Realm.

Unless he used the ancient sun.

However, if he did that, the range of impact would be too great.

The entire Imperial Academy was probably going to collapse and the Imperial City would also be in ruins.

In addition… Xu Qing felt that it wasn't worth using the ancient sun to kill Bai Xiaozhuo.

Hence, the ancient sun's function was mostly to intimidate and protect himself.

'If the Emperor Sword moved, all of this would actually be simple.'

Xu Qing felt regretful.

Since the Emperor Sword wasn't moving, Xu Qing understood that the only thing he could do to kill Bai Xiaozhuo was to use other forces.

Expose Bai Xiaozhuo's identity and destroy him using the righteousness of the human race.

As for Crow, it wasn't time yet.

With Xu Qing's current strength, it wasn't enough to completely shake a State Preceptor.

Hence, he sat cross-legged on the white Dao platform that was enveloped by the array formation and looked at the battle in the sky with the Variant Immortal School's school head, Chen Daoze, and a large number of students below.

Compared to the calmness Xu Qing displayed at this moment, the Divine Fusion School's members were filled with endless complexity. There was also fear and trepidation that couldn't be suppressed.

Even the school head of the Variant Immortal School felt great waves in his heart. He never expected that the school head of the Divine Fusion School was actually Illuminate's Bai Xiaozhuo.



And this answer allowed him to see the light of hope.

He understood that after this battle, the rise of the Variant Immortal School was unstoppable.

The Divine Fusion School would collapse. All its higher-ups and students would definitely be strictly monitored to look for any other members of Illuminate.

All of this was brought about by Ancestor Xu Qing.

As all kinds of thoughts churned, the school head glanced at Chen Daoze who nodded slightly.

The Variant Immortal School's school head made a decision. Hence, when he turned to look at Xu Qing, his eyes revealed deep respect.

However, at this moment, Xu Qing's attention was only on the battlefield.

This was a rare opportunity. It allowed everyone to have a better understanding of the Nihility realm.

To Xu Qing, the meaning of watching the battle was especially profound.

This was because this was also a battle between immortal and divine cultivators.

Even though the level of the battle wasn't at the Soul Accumulation realm, the combined attacks of multiple Nihility fourth stage cultivators still blurred the sky.

What those without sufficient cultivation saw was only flashes of lightning, glimpses of the sun and moon, accompanied by deafening thunder. Their ears were filled with the roars, and their vision was obscured.

However, Spirit Repository cultivators could see more.

They could sense the changes between the rules and laws in the sky. They could even sense that the rules had materialized, and he laws formed ancient figures that kept shaking the divinity from Illuminate's side.

This was Dao Observation.

Also, according to their respective experiences and the focus of their cultivation, the rules of the battlefield that different people saw were also different.

Some may see clearly what others may perceive as vague, and vice versa.

Hence, the students of Imperial Academy held their breaths and focused, each trying to gain insights.

Only when one's cultivation reached the Nihility could they truly see all the appearances of the battlefield, see all the rules and laws revealed, and see countless Daos flowing.

In Nihility's eyes, the battle in the sky was like an ancient battle. Every syllable of the rumbling sound contained a Great Dao technique.

 It continuously echoed and exploded the void, causing cracks to appear in the surrounding space.

Upon closer inspection, these cracks also contained changes in the laws. It shocked people and at the same time, they instinctively fell into deep thought.

However, all of this was actually just the surface. Only by reaching the same level or higher as them could one see through the true essence.

Xu Qing's cultivation hadn't reached that level but he was different from the others.

He was an immortal cultivator and also a divine cultivator.

Hence, in his eyes, the battlefield was also different from others.

In his vision, colorful lights intertwined in the sky like a flowing and abstract painting.

In the scene, the god-like Bai Xiaozhuo's figure was sometimes clear and sometimes blurry.

Every time he flickered, he would appear in a different location.

The cultivation base of the Principal was terrifying. Moreover, with the enhancement of the imperial bloodline, he was 30% stronger than an ordinary perfected Nihility cultivator.

Every time he attacked, millions or even more Dao would manifest, coordinating with the life-bound golden dragon.

The rules changed at his will.

Sometimes, a dazzling sun was manifested, sometimes ancient war chariots charged forward, or even previously unseen giant beasts, demonstrating extraordinary Dao that suppressed Bai Xiaozhuo in various ways.

As for the battles between others around them, although there was a difference between the school heads of the other schools, they were still astonishing.

They fought against the five nonhuman Divine Fusion puppets until the sky was dark and everyone suffered some injuries.

Perfected Nihility was considered the peak in any race.

In fact, among some races that didn't have Soul Accumulation, they were like gods.

Therefore, there were naturally some mystical characteristics of Perfected Nihility.

For example, when their blood fell, it directly formed a blood-colored lake on the ground.

The sounds of their battle could shatter the land.

Fortunately, the array formation here was powerful. Under the full-powered operation, it protected the safety of the students inside and didn't let the battle interrupt the students' comprehension.

Xu Qing was also comprehending. As he stared fixedly, many thoughts appeared in his mind. Coupled with his understanding, he gained a greater understanding of immortal and divine cultivators.

"Divine cultivators… don't have any spells. The feeling They give off is that everything seems to be instinctive. It's as though this heaven and earth was born for Them. In this world, They are free and unrestrained."

"Immortal cultivators are completely different. They are also using the power of heaven and earth but their method is different from divine cultivators. They use the rules and laws as threads to affect the power of heaven and earth."

"It's like… enslaving heaven and earth!"

"With the Heavenly Dao?"

A strange glint appeared in Xu Qing's eyes as thoughts raced through his mind. He had gained many insights in this battle.

"Once the Heavenly Dao appears, it's like binding heaven and earth and setting boundaries with the gods!"

Xu Qing's heart trembled. He didn't know if his guess was right.

However, from his current judgment, this was logical.

If that was the case, it also explained why the earliest batch of ancient immortals wanted to raise the Heavenly Dao that belonged to cultivators after conquering the Wanggu Continent.

The Heavenly Dao was to allow younger cultivators to cultivate better.

This also explained why the cultivation art system of cultivators nurtured the Heavenly Dao in the Spirit Repository.

"As long as we replenish the Heavenly Dao at all times, this world will be in the hands of cultivators!"

"If it's really as I guessed, then this is unprecedentedly significant information. The methods to control the world are integrated into the cultivation system of cultivators."

"Such methods, such outlook and vision…"

Xu Qing took a deep breath and felt admiration for the earliest batch of ancient immortals. After that, he continued to observe the battle in the sky.

The fragmented-face couldn't be seen in the sky of the Imperial Academy's sky, but this didn't affect Xu Qing's analysis.

"Every time the fragmented-face opens Its eyes, the Heavenly Dao will fall. The moment all the Heavenly Dao is destroyed, this Wanggu will become the world of the gods again."

"Also, although the Wanggu World is large, it's only an insignificant part of the starry sky. Outside the Wanggu World… what does it look like?"

This was the first time Xu Qing thought of the scene beyond the Wanggu.

"There are holy lands there, and further away might be… the place Li Zihua went to. It's also the location of the Purple Moon Star."

Xu Qing closed his eyes and focused on sensing his Purple Moon Star.

Far, far away.

The moment Xu Qing closed his eyes and sensed, a new transformation appeared on the combat zone in the sky.

This change came from Bai Xiaozhuo.

His body flashed and appeared even higher in the sky, and as the Principal approached, he raised both hands and his head, as if paying homage to the highest point of the sky.

"The merging of the primordial solar energy, the ancient eyes of the Divine Fusion, become the light of the starry sky, shining upon Wanggu, casting shadow and transforming the land into the Divine Realm."

"Revered Lord of the Sun, God of the cosmos and all heavens, Illuminate."

"Descend upon this land!"

As soon as he finished speaking, the sky of the Imperial Academy rumbled and the Imperial Capital shook. An extremely terrifying and indescribable vast might descended from the void and descended on the Imperial Capital and the sky of Imperial Academy.

In an instant, an illusory and blurry scene appeared in the sky of Imperial Academy.

It replaced the sky here, the Dao here, and everything here.

In that scene, there were towering monstrous trees and bizarre beasts that emitted dense divinity fluctuations, and towering and indescribable ancient temples exuding the aura of time.

One could see frozen seas, gaseous peaks, humanoid eerie clouds, octopus-like spirits resembling suns and moons, as well as some giant birds with wings that obscured the sky, soaring past with a deafening roar.

They were immense in size, varied in form, with tentacles twisting and entwining, their bodies composed of mysterious and resilient materials.

This was a realm filled with bizarre entities and mysteries.

It was inconceivable and extremely strange. In the deepest depths, one could see a colossal and terrifying sphere, stretching for thousands of kilometers.

This sphere was entirely black, covered with countless tentacles that writhed constantly. Within a half-closed eye shimmered an eerie light, as if capable of piercing through time and space.

The voice emanating from the sphere was deep and resounding, like thunder rolling in the clouds.

With its movements, the entire world trembled, the earth shook, the oceans churned, and the sky burned.

Countless faces appeared on the surface of the black sphere. They were all singing and shouting the same words as Bai Xiaozhuo.

Divine might overflowed into the sky.

Even though it was just an image, it caused countless students in the Imperial Academy to vomit blood. There were even people who showed signs of mutation because of this. It was the same in the imperial city. In an instant, the entire Imperial City was enveloped by intense and domineering anomalous substances.

People were horrified and there was a huge uproar.

The expressions of the various forces changed drastically. The Human Emperor stood up and the expressions of the 13 Heavenly Kings under him changed as their auras rose.

Xu Qing's expression turned solemn as he stared fixedly at the projection realm above Bai Xiaozhuo. He had sensed a similar place and aura once.

"Divine Realm…"

In the Imperial Capital, in the ancestral hall of the Mortal World Forgetful Tower, the clay fox statue enshrined in the shrine instantly trembled. Its head came alive and its glimpse suddenly opened, staring in the direction of the Imperial Academy.

"An unfamiliar Divine Realm!"

"The deity who was born inside… No, this god… Something's wrong!"

At the same time, a shocking aura erupted from the statue of the Great Emperor erected in front of the Imperial Palace's rainbow bridge.

The Great Emperor's glimpse slowly opened, revealing the vicissitudes of time. There were also cracking sounds echoing. The Great Emperor's head slowly turned and finally looked at the Imperial Academy.

A deep voice that surpassed heavenly lightning rang out lightly.

"Sword hovers in the blue sky, move and you shall taste it."































































The voice of the Great Emperor rang out like thunder, sweeping through the entire sky.

It was soul-stirring, as though the world was resonating with it.

This voice surpassed all decrees, all divine abilities, and all wills.

Those were the words of the Great Emperor. It represented the inheritance, civilization, and the will of the human race.

The voice was domineering and its words were earth-shattering.

The imperial city trembled, as though a storm had swept through all directions. All buildings were violently shaken, leaving people trembling with fear.

As the voice entered the Imperial Academy, it seemed to pierce through the sky, resonating like a mighty bell. All the students felt a sense of awe, instinctively bowing in the direction of the statue of the Great Emperor.

The only Great Emperor of the human race on the Wanggu Continent after the departure of the Ancient Sovereign Mystic Nether.

They paid their respects to this Sword Holding Emperor who had protected the human race to this day. Even though his main body had died in battle, he had left his avatar to continue fighting for the human race!

At this moment, all the students, the various forces in the capital, and countless individuals of the human race instinctively lowered their heads.

Even the Human Emperor and the Heavenly Kings under him, showed reverence, bowing in homage.

Xu Qing was the same, but there was another sentence echoing in his mind.

"Little friend, lend me your sword."

The moment these words appeared in his mind, his body shone with a golden light. This light continued to erupt and spread. In the blink of an eye, it transformed into a sea of light again.

The Emperor Sword in his body emitted a wisp of consciousness, as though it was asking for Xu Qing's permission.



This sword used to belong to the Sword Holding Emperor. Now… it belonged to Xu Qing.

Xu Qing was the Sword Carrier of this generation.

The Sword Holding Emperor could forcefully summon it. However, it was obvious that his wisdom would not allow such oversight, and he wouldn't let the Sword Carrier he chose to harbor resentment toward the Emperor Sword.

Hence, he made such a request.

Xu Qing agreed. At the next moment, the Emperor Sword rushed out of his body.

According to the Great Emperor's will, it hung in the sky.

The sword pointed at the Divine Realm and its might spread out. Cracks spread in the sky of the Imperial Academy and the Imperial Capital.

The sword energy rose even more intensely. The swords of all the Sword Holders in the entire Grand Imperial Capital Region trembled and rose into the air uncontrollably, pointing their swords at the sky of the Imperial Academy.

It was difficult to calculate the exact number and could be said to be countless.

Killing intent rose from the inside and outside of the hundred rings of the planet, piercing through the heavens and earth, locking onto the Imperial Academy.

Even the huge Ancient Sovereign Planet echoed with the sound of storms.

Images of the human ancestors manifested one after another, with the clouds and fog in the gaseous planet churning like dragons. The fortune of the human race gathered from all directions and quickly formed a huge face.

Ancient and majestic, it bore the visage of the Sword Holding Emperor.

In the sky above Imperial Academy, Bai Xiaozhuo's body paused.

The Divine Realm projection above his head that covered the sky also seemed to have stopped moving.

A huge crisis shook everything.

All the bizarre existences in the Divine Realm's projection lifted their heads, exuding traces of defiant aura despite sensing the danger.

This was especially so for the huge and vast black sphere. Although Its body also paused, Its vertical eye emitted a cold gleam, gazing through the void towards the Imperial City, towards the Sword Holding Emperor.

The atmosphere instantly became tense, as though war was about to break out at any moment.

Just as countless people instinctively held their breaths, a cold voice rang out from the Sword Holding Emperor again.

 "Scram!"

The Sword Holding Emperor was expressionless. His voice transformed into thunder that entered the Divine Realm, stirring up a storm.

The world was overturned.

The black sphere in the Divine Realm squirmed a few times. Its vertical eye stared at the Great Emperor carefully.

A long time later, the eye slowly narrowed.

This contraction also affected the entire Divine Realm, causing the Divine Realm itself to begin to shrink. Finally, it transformed into a crack.

It chose to retreat.

At the same time, Bai Xiaozhuo, who was below the projection, looked in the direction of the Sword Holding Emperor. He lowered his head and cupped his fists. After that, he transformed into a rainbow that headed straight for the gap in the sky.

He was fleeing there!

This was his purpose in summoning the Divine Realm, and also his retreat strategy after showcasing himself.

The Sword Holding Emperor didn't speak, and the Emperor Sword didn't stop him.

Seeing that Bai Xiaozhuo was about to leave, Xu Qing frowned slightly, but there was another person as well who wasn't willing to let Bai Xiaozhuo leave.

"The display isn't over yet. There's no need to be in a hurry to leave."

The person who spoke was the Human Emperor.

The moment he spoke, the Human Emperor lifted his hand and grabbed at the sky of the Imperial Academy.

With this grab, the imperial intent erupted. A fluctuation that surpassed the Soul Accumulation shook the sky and suppressed the world.

The sky of the Imperial Academy instantly darkened and a huge palm appeared. The palm patterns were clearly visible and covered everything like dark clouds.

It also covered the gap in the Divine Realm and blocked Bai Xiaozhuo's path.

It was as though this palm could crush the Imperial Academy.

The 13 Heavenly Kings dropped their heads and all living beings felt their hearts sway. Although the aura from the Human Emperor was inferior to the Sword Holding Emperor, it surpassed the others. This was… the power of a Ruler!

Under his palm, everyone's Heavenly Dao was his Heavenly Dao.

Everyone's rules were his rules.

The myriad of changes and all abilities depended on a single thought.

In fact, if the Human Emperor was willing, he could instantly turn all the cultivators under his palm into mortals.

There was also a dense fortune of the human race churning on this palm, causing multicolored light to spread and the pressure to spread throughout the entire Imperial City.

Bai Xiaozhuo's body paused again as he silently stood up in the sky.

He lifted his head and looked at the path to the Divine Realm that was covered by the Human Emperor's hand, sighing softly.

"This is okay too."

After muttering, Bai Xiaozhuo lifted his right hand and grabbed at the void.

Immediately, beams of black light appeared out of thin air.

They gathered on his raised right hand and finally… formed a beating heart.

Every beat of this heart was like thunder, emitting anomalous substances and divine sources that flowed with black blood. Its aura was shockingly the same as the Divine Realm.

Clearly, it came from the Divine Realm!

Staring at the heart, Bai Xiaozhuo's eyes revealed determination as he pressed it to his chest.

The location of the heart on his chest was originally caved in and it was missing.

Now, as the heart was placed in, Bai Xiaozhuo's body trembled. Blood vessels spread in his eyes, turning them red.

His aura also became violent.

His combat strength soared.

From the level that was originally equivalent to the Perfected Nihility realm, it continued to increase.

Under the pulsation of the heart, an endless stream of divine energy surged through his entire body.

Wherever it passed, the signs of his body being pieced together suddenly vanished, blending seamlessly, and his appearance also underwent some changes.

The enormous black body looked like an elliptical sphere, with countless tentacles writhing and intertwining to form four limbs.

Additionally, on its back, there grew claws resembling scythes, each emitting a sharp edge capable of tearing through space.

Its head did not sit atop its neck but instead emerged from its chest.

Where its head would normally be located, there was now a gigantic upright eye, within which sparks glimmered.

This fire was extraordinary, exuding a sense of divinity and a terrifying aura.

Moreover, behind it, there sprawled a body resembling that of a centipede.

His entire person was no longer in human form.

To those who hadn't seen the fragmented-face's true body, Bai Xiaozhuo's current appearance was unfamiliar.

However, to Xu Qing, the meaning of this body was different. It was actually somewhat similar to the fragmented-face's true appearance!

It was clearly extremely ugly, but because of the existence of sparks in its eyes, it gave off an incomparably harmonious feeling.

In the understanding of the heaven and earth of the Wanggu, this appearance was beauty, truth, and normal.

This was the intent of sky and earth, but the Heavenly Dao didn't think so. Hence, the feeling it gave everyone was a strange contradiction.

The combat strength exchanged for such a price directly surpassed the Nihility realm and reached a terrifying stage comparable to the Soul Accumulation realm.

To immortal cultivators, the symbol of the Soul Accumulation was a large world.

However, to divine cultivators, the standard of Soul Accumulation was the sparks of divine fire.

If it was burning, they would be god.

For example, back then, the fourth son of the Ruler, the Red Moon Divine Son, wanted to rise from the state of sparks and attempt to truly ignite the divine fire through a special ritual to become a god.

Under the combat strength of the Soul Accumulation, the god form Bai Xiaozhuo was blurry in the eyes of too many people. It was difficult to see his true appearance because he already possessed a portion of the characteristics of the god.

Gods couldn't be looked straight at.

The instant Bai Xiaozhuo's god form appeared, the Divine Realm that had only left a gap in the sky and was covered by the Human Emperor's hand suddenly expanded again. A deep roar echoed in the Imperial Capital.

As soon as this roar rang out, the Human Emperor's large hand shivered and was forced back by the impact, revealing the rapidly expanding Divine Realm crack behind him and… the black sphere that was about to rush out of the crack.

On the sphere, all the faces were singing.

"The merging of the primordial sun energy, the ancient eyes of the Divine Fusion, become the light of the starry sky, shining upon Wanggu, casting shadow and transforming the land into the Divine Realm."

"Revered Lord of the Sun, God of the cosmos and all heavens, Illuminate."

The bizarre voices spread throughout the Imperial Academy. Many students were in a daze and actually sang along. Upon closer inspection, one could discover that all the people singing were from the Divine Fusion School.

This scene terrified the other students. The Sword Holding Emperor's blade also flew out at this moment, heading straight for the black sphere in the crack of the Divine Realm.

At the same time, the god form Bai Xiaozhuo moved!

He didn't target the Human Emperor's retracted hand or take the opportunity to flee to the Divine Realm. Instead… he went after Xu Qing, who was on the white Dao platform below!

Killing intent erupted from his eyes. His speed was so fast that it surpassed teleportation. His timing was also precise. In the blink of an eye, he had already touched the Imperial Academy's defense.

He didn't stop and smashed fiercely.

The Imperial Academy's protective barrier rumbled and countless cracks instantly appeared. Under such a huge force, it didn't have time to restore itself and collapsed, turning into a large number of fragments that scattered in all directions. Some of them were even swept toward Xu Qing.

Bai Xiaozhuo moved faster than those fragments and directly appeared in front of Xu Qing.































































Xu Qing's eyes narrowed but his expression didn't change at all. In the blink of an eye, his body entered the third god form and the semi-finished fourth god form rose.

The shadow of the Sundial was faintly discernible.

The ancient sun tied to his body also shone at this instant. A terrifying might rose from him.

At that moment, the Emperor Sword in the sky was attacking the black meatball that was about to descend from the Divine Realm's rift.

The large hand formed by the power of the Human Emperor was also dissipating because of the power of the god in the black sphere.

The pressure from the Divine Realm spread through the Imperial Academy, causing most of the cultivators here to cough up blood. Their minds rumbled and they were unable to move.

Bai Xiaozhuo's timing could be said to be very precise and his speed was incomparably fast. Now that he appeared in front of Xu Qing, it was like a heavenly mountain was suppressing him. The tentacles of his entire body were enhanced by his Soul Accumulation combat strength. Coupled with his terrifying divinity, it formed a fatal blow.

However, no matter how precise the timing was, how fast his attack was, it was impossible to kill Xu Qing here.

Actually, Bai Xiaozhuo knew this. Hence, there was another reason for this seemingly fatal scene.

He wanted to see who would save Xu Qing.

Would the Great Emperor split his attention to save Xu Qing?

Or maybe, as his master had mentioned, there could be a third-party force hidden within the Imperial City, or even some other presence.

In short, Bai Xiaozhuo felt that he could at least lure out some of these forces with his attack so that his master could gain more information.

Bai Xiaozhuo's judgment was correct and the truth was indeed so. The instant Bai Xiaozhuo got close to Xu Qing, the expression of the Great Emperor's face on the Ancient Sovereign Planet suddenly revealed sharpness.



In the Mortal World Forgetful Tower, in the shrine in the ancestral hall, the clay fox emitted a demonic light.

At the same time, among the students around the Imperial Academy's Dao platform, not everyone was stripped of mobility. There was a student whose eyes revealed a cold glint and was about to step forward.

However, there was a faction that cared more about Xu Qing's life and death than anyone else. No matter what, they wouldn't allow Xu Qing to be killed like this.

Hence, they moved faster than others.

The instant Bai Xiaozhuo got close to Xu Qing, furious roars spread in all directions like thunder.

"Freeze!"

"Retreat!"

"Collapse!"

"Weaken!"

"Fortify!"

"Accelerate!"

"Indestructibility!"

Every word contained the intent of the Great Dao, and was like the sound of the Heavenly Dao. The laws and rules inside were circulated to the extreme and became the highest level of law.

As soon as the word 'freeze' was spoken, even Bai Xiaozhuo, who had the combat strength of a Soul Accumulation cultivator, felt his entire body tremble violently. He was forcefully stopped for a moment. When the word 'retreat' rang out, it actually caused his body to take a step back.

When the word 'collapse' echoed, Bai Xiaozhuo's entire body rumbled and he actually showed signs of collapse.

However, his divinity forcefully erupted at this moment. Although he was affected, his momentum turned into an illusory finger that continued to press down on Xu Qing. Wherever it passed, the void would shatter and everything would collapse. The intent of extermination was intense.

However, it was only for an instant. In the blink of an eye, it was reduced by half by the word 'weaken'.

Immediately after, the 'fortify' word acted on Xu Qing's body, transforming into an incomparably sturdy protective armor that helped him resist the power of Bai Xiaozhuo's finger.

Booming sounds echoed as the armor collapsed. The word 'speed' enhanced Xu Qing's speed, causing his retreat speed to increase explosively. In an instant, he retreated by ten thousand feet.

The final word 'indestructibility' actually contained divinity, and had the intent of a god's indestructibility. It enveloped Xu Qing's entire body and formed a golden light that transformed into a solemn face in front of him, enduring the last remaining strength from Bai Xiaozhuo's finger.

From afar, after Bai Xiaozhuo's finger destroyed everything, it ultimately ruthlessly collided into the face's forehead.

 At the next instant, the face collapsed and thousands of wails rang out. However, Bai Xiaozhuo's finger couldn't continue and dissipated.

In the air, Xu Qing stood there unscathed…

This scene caused the various forces to feel an intense sense of surprise. What was surprising wasn't that Xu Qing was fine but that the person who attacked…

"Xu Qing is the Divine Son of our sect!"

A soft voice rang out from the void in front of Xu Qing. At the next instant, a crack was torn open in the void. Through the crack, one could see that there was an altar inside.

This altar seemed to be in a heavenly cave. At the entrance of the cave above, one could see the sky and the fragmented-face hanging high in the sky. The altar was vast and had a total of 999 steps. At the highest point stood a cultivator in a black robe.

On each step below stood numerous figures in black robes, and even in the depths of the abyss below the altar, more black-robed figures could be seen meditating in a cross-legged position.

Inside were thousands of people, and the ground before them was stained with blood, indicating that they had taken upon themselves the force of Bai Xiaozhuo's finger in place of Xu Qing.

As that sentence echoed, the black-robed figure, who was standing at the highest point of the altar, took a step forward and directly crossed the rift that appeared in the space of the Imperial Academy. He walked into the Imperial Academy and stood in front of Xu Qing.

The moment he appeared, the power of Soul Accumulation erupted from his body. His aura was mighty, and he actually gave off a trace of the aura of the fragmented-face.

The arrival of this person caused the expressions of the various forces to change.

"High Priest of the True Words!"

The faction who saved Xu Qing was none other than the True Words!

This scene caused Bai Xiaozhuo to frown. What he wanted to lure wasn't this group of lunatics who seemed to be on the same path as him but in reality, their core ideals were completely different.

The eyes of the Human Emperor in the projection of the palace narrowed slightly as well. He could have made a move earlier but he chose to wait and see because he also wanted to see who would come to save Xu Qing.

Hence, at this moment, his mood was somewhat similar to Bai Xiaozhuo's and he was even more surprised.

Just as everyone was feeling shocked, the High Priest of True Words, who had appeared in front of Xu Qing, lifted his head. Within the black robes concealing his face, only a pair of red eyes could be seen, gazing at Bai Xiaozhuo.

"Divine Son, don't move!"

After saying that, the black-robed figure turned his head and looked at Xu Qing. The red light in his eyes emitted greed and the sound of gulping rang out.

"Divine Son, I'm late. Are you injured?"

"If you are injured, it will affect the taste due to other auras being mixed in, and you won't taste good."

As he spoke, the sound of him gulping became even more intense. A similar sound also came from the countless black-

robed figures at the altar in the crack.

All of them lifted their heads and greedily looked at Xu Qing through the crack.

The doctrine of the True Words was to find people who didn't die under the gaze of the fragmented-face. They thought such people were blessed by the fragmented-face, and only such people could be the Divine Sons of the True Words.

After eating the Divine Son, they would be closer to the god.

They had been their practice throughout history. The ones they ate the most were people who had survived the opening of the fragmented-face's eyes once. As for those who have survived the gaze twice, there were rumors that the True Words of other regions had consumed them, but the followers of the human race's True Words had not.

Xu Qing's expression was unsightly. He didn't expect that the one who appeared was actually the True Words. Also, the other party's words made him immediately realize that although he had discovered the True Words with his divine technique back then, they had also discovered some things about him.

Hence, this group of lunatics appeared.

At that moment, in the Divine Realm in the sky, the black meatball let out a deep roar. Under the threat of the Emperor Sword, It didn't dare to forcefully barge in. It was as though all Its previous actions were just a test.

Now that It had probed the answer, It chose to retreat.

The crack in the Divine Realm no longer expanded. It slowly began to shrink and turn blurry.

As for Bai Xiaozhuo, seeing that the situation wasn't going according to his plan, he lifted his head and looked at the Human Emperor in the sky.

The Human Emperor was also looking at him with a calm gaze, as though he was telling the other party that he was still watching the display.

The moment their gazes met, for some reason, the words Xu Qing had said to him back then in Fenghai County appeared in Bai Xiaozhuo's mind.

'You aren't worthy of following Crown Prince Purple Green."

Bai Xiaozhuo closed his eyes.

'He's right because I'm… not pure.'

When he opened his eyes again, Bai Xiaozhuo's aura was less ancient and more lively. His eyes also became clear. He raised his hand and ruthlessly struck the heart in his chest.

With this strike, his heart that came from the Divine Realm instantly exploded. Amidst the rumbling and violent sounds, all the power of the divine source contained in it erupted in unison.

Nothing was left behind.

His body also began to burn intensely at this moment.

Like a moth flying into the fire, he displayed the last resplendence of his life.

This eruption and burning brought him to his peak in an instant. The aura on his body soared explosively and the power of anomalous substances spread endlessly. The feeling of a god became increasingly intense.

Under the influence of the anomalous substances, the sky above him blurred and sparks appeared in the haze.

That was a flower formed by fire. It was… the heavenfate flower!

At first, there was one, but very soon, there were two, three… In the blink of an eye, the entire sky of Imperial Academy was filled with heavenfate flowers. From afar, it was like a huge painting that was spread out between heaven and earth.

They were endless, all formed by golden flames that were dazzling like woven brocade.

As for the streams of fire on the flowers, when they landed on the ground, flames bloomed. However, they were no longer heavenfate flowers but spider lily.

The color was red.

Endless… A gentle breeze blew past, and layers of ripples emerged on the sea of fire of the spider lilies. It was as though someone was plucking the ancient zither strings, emitting the sound of reincarnation.

There were the heavenfate flowers above and spider lilies below, forming a sea of golden-red sparks that kept blooming and erupting.

There were different rituals to become a god. At this moment, one of them emerged in the Imperial Academy.

Once these flames continued, it was equivalent to igniting the divine fire!

Bai Xiaozhuo's body turned blurry and emerged as a different form with each passing moment.

His combat force was also becoming increasingly astonishing in this sea of flowers. However, it was a pity that igniting the divine fire wasn't so simple after all. The difficulty was too great.

The Red Moon Divine Son had failed, and Bai Xiaozhuo… had started it in a hurry. There was no possibility of success.

This could be seen from the fact that there were already sparks showing signs of extinguishing at the edge of the sea of flowers.

However, no matter what, at this moment, Bai Xiaozhuo's combat force had already reached the limit of his life.

This scene also triggered waves in the hearts of everyone who was staring.

The Human Emperor's eyes glowed resplendently, perhaps because of the reflection of the sparks.

As this light shone, Bai Xiaozhuo's voice was like the murmurs of a god, echoing through the Imperial City.

"With the world as a furnace and all living beings as charcoal, the dual fires of gold and red ignite the divine fire. Emperor, please watch."

The moment the voice rang out, Bai Xiaozhuo moved, enveloping the heavenfate flowers in the sky, the spider lilies on land, as well as the golden and red fires. Together, they formed a blazing meteor, moving toward the Emperor's direction!

Around him, the clouds surged, the heavenfate flowers and spider lilies bloomed together, while the fierce golden and red fires illuminated the sky, their light shining upon thousands of kilometers.































































They were like moths to a flame.

In the eyes of all the spectators, this was the case.

The Human Emperor was the only Ruler of the human race at present. Other than the Sword Holding Emperor, he was the strongest expert. In front of him, regardless of whether it was Nihility or Soul Accumulation, the difference wasn't that significant.

Even though Bai Xiaozhuo had burned the heart from the Divine Realm and his Divine Fusion body in exchange for the power of flames that surpassed sparks.

However, in the end, he still couldn't achieve indestructibility, nor could he truly ignite the divine fire and become a god.

Without becoming a god, it was impossible for him to contend with the Ruler.

Therefore, the outcome of this battle was already predetermined.

However, Bai Xiaozhuo remained steadfast, with clarity in his eyes and calmness in his heart, his speed increasing more and more.

He swept up the heavenlyfates and spider lilies, carrying the golden-red sea of fire as he tore through the sky.

Even though it was only the projection of the Human Emperor in the sky of the Imperial Academy, it seemed that for Bai Xiaozhuo at this moment, illusion and reality were all the same.

In an instant, his aura formed a dazzling light.

Like a shooting star descending from the nine heavens, he rapidly approached, tearing through the void, appearing before the Human Emperor. His hands came together, palms merging, as he formed a sword with two fingers.

He gathered all the power inside and outside his body into the two-finger sword.

It included the golden and red twin flames in the surroundings, the heavenlyfate flowers and the spider lilies, as well as his life, his time, and everything about him.



Closer to the Human Emperor.

Waves of heat spread out and the surroundings burned. The world distorted, giving off the feeling that the palace's projection was also corroded by raging flames.

The Heavenly Kings under the Human Emperor lifted their heads and their auras spread out. Just as they were about to walk out, they were stopped by the Human Emperor.

"Interesting."

The Human Emperor spoke calmly. He lifted his right hand and pointed his index finger gently at the sea of fire and meteor that were rushing over.

His action looked very ordinary, as though it didn't contain any cultivation power or manifest any powers.

However, the instant it landed and came into contact with Bai Xiaozhuo's sword, the world rumbled, emitting a deafening explosion.

It was as though countless stars had exploded at the same time!

The fluctuations caused the Imperial Academy to sway so violently that it looked like it would collapse.

The thunderous explosion caused a sudden change in the weather. The sky instantly darkened, with dark clouds churning and thunder resounding. An indescribable sense of terror spread in all directions.

As for the source of all the terrifying power, the Human Emperor and Bai Xiaozhuo's bodies didn't change at all.

Only the corner of the imperial robe swayed slightly, and a few strands of hair fluttered back as though they were blown by a breeze.

That was all.

As for Bai Xiaozhuo, his body trembled violently. His already blurry body was like dandelions that were drifting away, gradually disappearing.

However, his eyes were still very bright. He stared at the Human Emperor who was inches away and mumbled.

"Between the fate and lilies, the flames of god."

The heavenfate flowers that surrounded him instantly bloomed again. When they reached their limit, they withered and turned into ashes that gathered in front of Bai Xiaozhuo.

It was the same for the spider lilies. They shone brightly until they turned into ashes.

There was also the golden-red sea of fire that churned and gathered from the surroundings. In the end, it surged in front of Bai Xiaozhuo and there was nothing left outside.

Under these convergences, a mystical flower that fused the characteristics of the heavenlyfate and the spider lilies bloomed in front of Bai Xiaozhuo.

This flower burned brightly.

 Its appearance attracted the attention of the Human Emperor.

Immediately after, Bai Xiaozhuo let out a soft breath.

He exhaled and blew on the mystical flower. The flower drifted and its petals surrounded the Human Emperor, as though they were about to form a new flower with him as the core.

A dark glint appeared in the Human Emperor's eyes as he calmly spoke.

"Disappear."

At his word, all the petals around him trembled and collapsed, turning into countless fragments, ultimately becoming ashes in the wind.

As for Bai Xiaozhuo, he seemed to have completed all his missions and closed his eyes.

His body… completely dissipated into smoke, turning into countless mirror shards that contained memories. They shattered, dissipated, and turned into ashes.

As though he didn't want the dirty ashes to taint him, the moment the Human Emperor retracted his finger, he waved his sleeve slightly.

In an instant, the ashes that had gradually become indistinct in front of him were dispersed in all directions, leaving no trace behind.

A deep sigh rang out from the crack in the sky that came from the Divine Realm. After that, the mark in the sky began to heal, and it seemed that everything had come to an end.

Bai Xiaozhuo was the original Fenghai County Governor who had followed Crown Prince Purple Green during the era of the Purple Green Kingdom. His history had been buried in the passage of time. Now, it seemed his life had also returned to destiny.

From the start to the end, Crown Prince Purple Green didn't appear.

The sky outside was no longer dark, as the lingering light of the setting sun bathed the entire city in golden hues.

The Great Emperor's face on the Ancient Sovereign Planet glanced at the Imperial Academy with a deep gaze. It was unknown if he was looking at the Human Emperor, Xu Qing, or… an existence that no one noticed outside the gap in the Divine Realm.

Xu Qing's heart also stirred. Looking at the gap in the sky, he thought of the scenes in Fenghai County. Before he came to the Imperial City, he didn't expect to see Bai Xiaozhuo and Purple Green here.

"Bai Xiaozhuo is the first."

"Crow is the second!"

Xu Qing mumbled inwardly.

And at this moment, the students of the academy were still in tumult, their emotions ranging from excitement to complexity, from apprehension to confusion. Various thoughts raced through their minds, differing from person to person.

The Dao discussion of Imperial Academy ended here.

The Human Emperor slowly sat back on the dragon chair and the entire palace's projection gradually blurred.

The Emperor Sword also returned and fused into Xu Qing's body.

After Bai Xiaozhuo's death, his puppets lost their vitality and fell to the ground.

Seeing that everything had truly ended, the Principal had a rueful expression. He was about to announce the end of the Dao discussion.

However, at this moment, Xu Qing suddenly felt intense emotions from the shadow.

"Master… eat… time soul… escape!"

When Xu Qing heard this, he instantly lifted his head. His eyes were pitch-black as the power of the Poison Restriction erupted, forming his divine eye. However, everything was normal in his vision.

The sky was normal, the crack in the sky was normal, and everything in the surroundings was normal.

The shadow had followed Xu Qing for many years and naturally knew what to do. Hence, it instantly fused into Xu Qing's body and gathered outside his eyes, augmenting his eyes like glasses.

Coupled with the power of the divine source and the shadow's ability, a scene that few people saw appeared in Xu Qing's eyes at this moment.

Although it was still a little hazy and not very clear, Xu Qing noticed that… in the crack that was about to completely disappear from the sky, a wisp of soul was merging into it.

To be precise, this might not be a soul but a section of time, and looked like ashes.

This soul was special. If it wasn't for the little shadow locking onto it, Xu Qing wouldn't have been able to see it at all.

It was the time of Bai Xiaozhuo which had been taken away by Crown Prince Purple Green back then.

"The Human Emperor's last wave of his sleeve seemed to be dispersing the ashes. However, from the looks of it now, his action is fishy!"

Xu Qing's eyes suddenly revealed sharpness. However, he knew that this wasn't the time to think about the Human Emperor's actions.

Hence, without any hesitation, the god form outside Xu Qing's body dispersed, transforming into more than 1.3 million soul threads that instantly headed toward the sky.

"Come back here!"

A cold voice rang out from Xu Qing's mouth. His soul threads soared into the sky and arrived at the edge of the crack in the blink of an eye, enveloping the wisp of time soul.

Little Shadow also rapidly spread out.

If it was Bai Xiaozhuo from before, although Little Shadow wanted to eat him, it didn't dare to get close as it knew it didn't have the power to devour him.

It was also this feeling of desire that had been torturing it, and so it had been watching Bai Xiaozhuo from the start. The impulse in its heart had continued to grow stronger as the battle went on.

Right now, it could clearly sense that this time soul was no longer dangerous.

As for the taste, it felt that it would be even more fragrant than before.

It was as though the soul had experienced many calamities and refined all the impurities, leaving just the source essence.

It also corresponded to the saying that the world was a furnace and all living beings were charcoal.

This was used to forge and return to simplicity.

This origin essence could reincarnate into a human or… under a specific environment, reincarnate into a natural god.

Hence, at this moment, Little Shadow was crazy with desire.

Its saliva spread in all directions and together with Xu Qing's million soul threads, it instantly spread through the sky, grabbing fiercely at the time soul..

This scene attracted the attention of everyone from the Imperial Academy and the various forces. They were all surprised.

From the dissipating projection of the palace, the Human Emperor looked over as well.

At that moment, under Xu Qing's control, the million soul threads moved rapidly in the sky, weaving into a huge cage.

This cage was astonishing, sealing off all directions.

Little Shadow worked even harder and spared no expense to stick to the traces formed by the crack in the sky and used its body to block them to prevent the food from escaping.

After doing this, the coldness in Xu Qing's eyes rose. He lifted his right hand and ruthlessly clenched it toward the sky.

Immediately, the soul thread cage shrunk, forming a palm-

sized black sphere that headed straight for Xu Qing and landed in his hand.

Xu Qing grabbed it and didn't even glance at it. He also didn't give the soul any chance to transmit its thoughts. His five fingers exerted strength and clenched again.

With a boom, the million soul threads that had condensed into a ball devoured the time soul crazily.

Little Shadow panicked and rapidly joined in. After taking a few bites, it wanted to continue, but its eating speed was clearly inferior to the soul threads.

In the blink of an eye, the time soul completely dissipated.

The nourishment formed by the power contained in it was astonishing. Xu Qing could clearly sense that his soul threads were splitting and undergoing a transformation under the influence of the source essence.

1,400,000, 1,600,000, 1,800,000… At the next instant, as the soul sphere exploded, 2,000,000 soul threads covered the sky and earth.

As for Xu Qing, he stood under the 2 million soul threads. His long hair and clothes fluttered in the wind, looking like a god or a demon, with an aura that could devour the world.

Bai Xiaozhuo's body and soul were destroyed!

The Human Emperor glanced at Xu Qing. The projection of the palace completely disappeared.

At the same time, in the Imperial Capital's Star-Picking Tower, the State Preceptor who had been staring at the Imperial Academy closed his eyes.































































The chaos of the Imperial Academy ended just like that.

The face of the Great Emperor on the Ancient Sovereign Planet slowly sank and disappeared. The head of the Great Emperor's statue also slowly turned back and stood in front of the rainbow bridge, stopping again.

The light from the palace also returned to normal.

In the Mortal World Forgetful Tower, the clay fox chuckled and closed Its eyes, transforming back into a statue.

The crack in the sky also completely disappeared.

Although this chaos caused by the Dao discussion ended, its impact remained significant, leaving a lingering suspense in the hearts of various factions. Its effect on the students of the academy was profound and far-reaching.

Countless students had varying degrees of injuries.

Thus, silence and complexity became the prevailing theme of the present day at the academy, especially evident in the sky above, where signs of vulnerability were visible in several areas, portraying a scene of desolation.

Some areas resembled melting ice, revealing what seemed like corroded black holes, akin to festering ulcers on skin, unable to heal on their own.

Moreover, the land fared no better; while not riddled with holes, many regions were visibly collapsing.

Overall, there was a pronounced sense of collapse.

Witnessing all of this, the wrinkles on the Principal's face seemed to have increased. He sighed softly and lifted his right hand, pointing at the sky.

"Reshape!"

In coordination with the Principal, all the heads of the schools, including the head of the Variant Immortal School, also raised their right hands at this moment, activating the authority granted to them as heads of their respective schools.



In an instant, the white towers emitted white rays of light which formed energy waves that spread to the ground. At the same time, white pillars of light rose from them and rushed into the sky of Imperial Academy.

At the next instant, a large number of rune marks appeared in the sky, shining with white light. Every rune was octagonal, spreading across the sky and covering the ground.

These rune marks were arranged in patterns, forming a gigantic octagonal shape.

Encircling within, they rotated according to some kind of pattern, and with each complete cycle, the shattered space of the academy underwent repair.

The same applied to the earth, with the same octagonal formation and the same rotating circles.

Amidst the rumbling of the world, the recovery of the entire Imperial Academy Space was sped up. After about fifteen minutes… the sky was clear and all the cracks disappeared.

The ground was clean and all the collapsed areas were restored.

Everything returned to its previous state.

"The Dao discussion is over."

"The Variant Immortal School has won!"

The Principal swept his gaze across all the students and finally looked at the Dao Platform of the Variant Immortal School. The focus of his gaze was Xu Qing, who had sat down cross-legged again.

His gaze was deep and contained a hint of sharpness, as though it could see through people's hearts.

His words marked the end of this Dao discussion.

After he finished speaking, he flew away. As for the Third Prince, who had been following behind him, if it was before he witnessed this incident, he would at most smile on the surface and give the students some encouragement before leaving.

However, now, he respectfully bowed to Xu Qing before daring to leave.

As they left, after a short period of silence, the Imperial Academy erupted with enthusiastic cheers. All the voices came from the students of the Variant Immortal School.

These students who didn't dare to acknowledge the Variant Immortal School before the Dao discussion were now excited.

This was because they knew that after this Dao Discussion, with the defeat and exposure of the Divine Fusion School, the Variant Immortal School no longer had any obstacles and would definitely soar into the sky.

The time of the Variant Immortal had arrived.

This could be seen from the rainbows shining in all directions from the Variant Immortal School's Dao Platform.

In fact, many neutral students were filled with yearning for the Variant Immortal School after witnessing today's events.

 Compared to the rising Variant Immortal School, the defeated Divine Fusion School was already on the verge of death. All the students of the Divine Fusion School, from the chief disciple to the ordinary disciples, were uneasy, confused, and regretful.

All of this eventually turned into anger toward Bai Xiaozhuo.

What they would face next was undoubtedly an investigation by the Imperial Academy and even the Imperial Capital regarding Bai Xiaozhuo. This was especially so for the higher-ups of the Divine Fusion School. None of them could escape scrutiny. Unless they could withstand the investigation, death was the only outcome.

This was indeed the case. As the cheers rose, the black guards and the personal guards of the Imperial Family arrived together.

They took all the higher-ups of the Divine Fusion School away in front of all the students.

Moreover, they forcefully prevented the students of the Divine Fusion School from going outside, causing them to have no choice but to stay in the Imperial Academy for some time and wait for further investigation.

As for the white tower of the Divine Fusion School, it was sealed just like the Variant Immortal School some time ago.

Xu Qing stood up and walked down the Dao Platform with the school head and Chen Daoze. He was escorted by the students all the way back to the Variant Immortal School's white tower.

Outside the white tower, the school head of the Variant Immortal School took a deep breath and announced to the students that the Variant Immortal School would reopen tomorrow.

Amidst the cheering, the school head bowed to Xu Qing. Chen Daoze also bowed.

Xu Qing understood that they had many questions for him. Hence, he walked into the white tower.

The two of them followed behind and stepped in. The gate of the white tower slowly closed.

The students also knew that it wasn't convenient to disturb them at this moment. Hence, they all bowed to the white tower with excited hearts and chose to leave.

The white tower was completely silent.

Under the bright lights, Xu Qing stood in front of the jade slip shelves and looked at the densely-packed ancient books. Behind him, the Variant Immortal School's school head and Chen Daoze stood respectfully.

They had too many questions in their hearts but now that they were standing here and facing Xu Qing, even though they had a thousand words to say, they didn't know how to start. The source of the Variant Immortal lineage was with Xu Qing, and this caused them to be worried about gains and losses.

When someone could decide the rise and fall of their most precious thing with a single sentence, then it was inevitable that they would feel perturbed and hesitant.

This was a big shot.

Most of the time, the words 'big shot' weren't absolute but relative.

Xu Qing understood their feelings. The experiences in the Seven Blood Eyes and Fenghai County had allowed him to mature and grow rapidly.

Hence, Xu Qing's voice echoed in the white tower.

"The Variant Immortal Dao seed is formed by my soul seed."

"The pros and cons of this soul seed were clearly stated in the jade slip when I gave it to the school head for the first time."

"I can indeed retrieve this soul seed with a thought and take back all the cultivation progress brought by the soul seed."

"However, I'll only do this in one situation. That would be… if you go against humanity."

After Xu Qing finished speaking, he turned around and looked at the Variant Immortal School's school head and Chen Daoze with a sharp gaze.

The two of them lowered their heads and cupped their hands.

If they didn't know about Xu Qing's identity, these words would have been met with skepticism, caution, and vigilance. Even if they eventually acquiesced, it would have been merely a strategic move, a calculated choice of mutual benefit and exploitation.

However… things were different now.

Among Xu Qing's identities, one of them was extremely heavy, and that was the identity of the Sword Carrier.

To be recognized by the Great Emperor and become the Sword Carrier, his words naturally held weight.

Hence, the Variant Immortal School's school head and Chen Daoze trusted Xu Qing.

Xu Qing waved his right hand and took out three more of the remaining 98 purple soul seeds in his body, handing them to the two of them.

"You can choose the right people to absorb these purple soul seeds. As for the specific rules of the Variant Immortal School, you can decide for yourself."

"In the future, I'll draw a new reference map and send it here. In the future, the students can cultivate using it as a direction."

"I obey the decree!"

The Variant Immortal School Head took a deep breath, spoke solemnly, and then carefully put away the three purple soul seeds. After a moment of contemplation, he bowed again.

"Senior Xu, my identity outside is the advisor of the Observance Palace. If you need anything, please instruct me."

Xu Qing didn't ask about his identity in the outside world. However, as the person who was the core beneficiary of the benefits, the Variant Immortal School's school head felt that he should disclose it.

Chen Daoze also fell silent before speaking in a low voice.

"Lord Xu, I haven't left the Imperial Academy for two thousand years. It was all thanks to the soul seed that I regained my consciousness and regained control of my body. Back then, my identity outside was one of the head elders of the Star Emperor Supreme Sect. Now that the matter of the Variant Immortal has come to an end, I plan to return to the sect."

"Star Emperor Supreme Sect?" Xu Qing fell into deep thought. He thought of the Star Emperor Branch Sect that the captain had gone to and nodded.

As Xu Qing took the initiative to speak, the Variant Immortal School's school head and Chen Daoze also asked Xu Qing about the cultivation art of the Variant Immortal soul threads.

Xu Qing didn't have anything to guide on cultivation arts. However, he had his own comprehension of the core of the Variant Immortal School. Coupled with his god form, he told the two of them his thoughts.

His words were of profound significant to Chen Daoze and the school head, causing their hearts to stir.

"The effect of the soul threads is to simulate the divine source…"

"Burn the divine image and break through the barrier!"

"The so-called Variant Immortals can be gods or immortals with a thought…"

The two of them had a myriad of thoughts in their minds and time slowly passed. When Xu Qing left the white tower and entered the Imperial City, it was already late at night. The sky was enveloped by a black curtain, looking exceptionally deep and quiet.

The stars dotted the night sky like pairs of mysterious eyes peeping at the world.

A breeze blew past and the two sides of the quiet street emitted the rustling sound of trees swaying. When it landed in Xu Qing's ears, he stopped in his tracks and calmly spoke.

"The assassins who tracked me in the Imperial City before have already died without a complete corpse."

As soon as Xu Qing finished speaking, the moonlight behind him revealed the figure of a woman.

The woman wore a mask and there became a hint of surprise and provocation in her eyes.

"You can try."

It was the mysterious woman who possessed appeared in the Star Emperor Branch Sect!

Xu Qing turned around and the moonlight instantly soared, turning into purple moonlight that enveloped the long street.

…

At the same time, a strange change happened on the Ancient Sovereign Planet.

On the Ancient Sovereign Planet, the clouds spread and slowly flowed.

In the depths of the palace, on the vast pentagon-shaped altar, five golden coffins emitted terrifying imperial qi.

These imperial qi seemed to have been corroded and invaded. They were pitch-black like black dragons that emitted a wail of death. They circled the lantern in the center and rotated rapidly.

As for this purple lantern, it was originally extinguished. However, at this instant, a lump of swaying fire surfaced at the wick.

It became a pair of golden and red flames. They were very weak, as though they would be extinguished by the wind.

In the fire, a flower with the characteristics of the heavenfate and spider lily became faintly discernible.

This flower became precisely the final display of Bai Xiaozhuo, as well as the last… exhibit of his life.































































The night was as black as ink, stars twinkling, and the bright moon hung high in the sky. Its pure light spilled onto the earth, but when it fell upon the long street, it turned purple, as if draping a thin layer of purple gauze over the area.

Outside the purple gauze, cold winds swept through, and the rustling of withered branches and leaves echoed faintly. Distant shadows of trees swayed as if whispering secrets to the night.

Within the purple gauze, a chilling wind howled, chasing after a figure retreating rapidly as if imbued with the momentum of the advantaged side, challenging the darkness.

The ground of the long street cracked as the retreating figure landed, leaving two long marks on the ground. Several dozen feet away, they steadied themselves with one hand pressed against the ground.

Under the purple moonlight, it could be seen that this person was none other than the mysterious woman. Right now, she was no longer as calm as before. Cracks had already appeared on the mask on her face and her eyes revealed a dark glint as she stared at Xu Qing, who was walking toward her.

"It's rumored that you snatched the divine source of the Crimson Goddess. Previously, you didn't make many moves in the Imperial Academy, so I couldn't sense it clearly. Now that the moonlight has changed because of you, it seems that the rumors are true."

Xu Qing's expression was as usual. Under the moonlight, it was as though he was walking in his kingdom. As he walked toward the woman, the purple light in his surroundings increased greatly, dyeing the world and invading the surroundings, forming a terrifying divine figure that devoured everything.

"However, this just increases my interest."

"Last time, I didn't want to expose myself in the Star Emperor Sect and attract some unnecessary trouble, so I didn't use my secret art. This time…"

In the depths of the woman's eyes, strange images appeared. In her left eye, there was the curled-up form of an infant, while in her right eye, there was the hunched figure of an old woman. Each emitted its own aura, converging to form a bizarre force imbued with the essence of life and death, swirling around her.

Behind her, black and white shapes formed, each taking on a fan-like pattern distributed to the left and right. They rotated around each other, manipulating the laws of heaven and earth, shaking the rules of the world with astonishing momentum.

For the first time in this battle, ripples appeared in Xu Qing's eyes.



Back then, outside the Star Emperor Branch Sect, he had sensed that the other party's aura was bizarre. It was like a god but not a god, like a cultivator but not a cultivator. This had attracted his attention back then. Now that they were fighting again, this feeling was even more obvious.

"You talk a lot of nonsense."

Xu Qing spoke calmly, raising his right hand and waving it. In an instant, the surrounding purple moonlight gleamed brilliantly, as if materializing into substantial beams resembling long spears, all rushing towards the mysterious woman in a flash.

From afar, tens of thousands of moonlight beams approached from all directions, their speed surpassing lightning as they enveloped every direction, leaving the mysterious woman with nowhere to escape.

At this critical moment, the mysterious woman's pupils contracted, and her hands quickly formed seals, then she fiercely waved them outward. Instantly, the black and white fan-shaped patterns behind her enveloped her like wings.

A rumbling sound echoed out as all the moonlight spears landed with a lethal force and destructive might.

The black and white wings continued to tremble. Although they blocked everything, the impact from the moonlight still caused the woman inside to cough up blood. However, she ultimately blocked this attack.

A sharp glint appeared in Xu Qing's eyes. He rushed forward and the third god form instantly formed behind him. Its malevolent body stood in the sky and followed Xu Qing, approaching the mysterious woman.

It was also at this moment that a voice emanated from within the black and white fan-shaped patterns.

"One bloodline, transformed into three souls. Three souls tempered into nine divinities. Nine divinities refined into my true self. This is… Withering Flame Demon Magic True Self Dao!"

The instant the woman's voice rang out, muffled thunder rang out in the void above her and three illusory mountain peaks appeared out of thin air.

The three mountains were inverted, their peaks facing the ground.

One was completely formed of ice and frost, containing boundless coldness.

The second was crimson red like blood, almost like an immense pile of corpses.

The third was a mountain of molten rock, that brimmed with supreme majesty.

The moment they appeared, the three mountains rushed toward Xu Qing Their aura was filled with ancientness.

"What divine ability is this! It's filled with ancient intent…"

Xu Qing's expression darkened. With a thought, more soul threads rushed out of his body. They quickly weaved into the first god form and the second god form beside the third god form in the air.

Looking around, under the purple moonlight, Xu Qing's three god forms appeared simultaneously as never before.

If it was before he killed Bai Xiaozhuo, Xu Qing wouldn't have been able to accomplish this. His number of soul threads couldn't support it. Only the current 2 million soul threads could allow him to form all three forms at the same time.

The moment they appeared, they were like three gods, forming a triangle and enveloping Xu Qing in the center. Each of them moved with Xu Qing's gestures, heading toward the three mountains.

In an instant, anomalous substances spread and the surroundings became blurry. The purple moonlight became extremely dense.

At the next instant, Xu Qing's first god form's punch landed on the ice mountain. As the mountain rumbled, the second god form arrived and got close to the second mountain. Black poison mist spread and transformed into a huge demon that devoured ruthlessly.

 After that, the third god form lifted the Purple Moon high in the air and threw it toward the molten rocks mountain.

The sky changed colors and the wind howled. The three mountains in the air trembled violently as cracks appeared on them, spreading rapidly until they shattered into pieces.

They were originally illusory but as they shattered and returned to nothingness, they disappeared without a trace. However, if one took a closer look, they would see… that when they dissipated, rainbow light flashed on all the fragments.

The backlash from the destruction of the divine ability caused the mysterious woman to cough up blood. Her aura became weak and her body staggered back.

"It's impossible for such a huge commotion to be unnoticed. Regardless of whether it's the Imperial City's array formation or the various forces, it's impossible for them not to sense it."

A cold glint flashed in Xu Qing's eyes.

"However, even now, this place is still quiet… Unless it's the same as the assassination attempt I encountered back then, there's only another possibility."

"This woman's identity… is extraordinary!"

At the thought of this, Xu Qing's body swayed. His three god forms in the air also emitted divine might. Together with Xu Qing, they headed straight for the woman.

Although there was blood at the corner of the mysterious woman's mouth, she was clearly still unconvinced. The provocation in her eyes was still there as she stared at Xu Qing. Her right eye suddenly closed, leaving only her left eye open.

In her left eye, the curled-up infant moved slightly.

With this movement, the white fan behind the woman rapidly expanded and unfolded in the sky, revealing a painting inside.

The painting was quite simple, just an endless expanse of water marsh.

As it appeared, the woman uttered a low chant.

"Marsh Kingdom!"

With that utterance, the world shifted. The imperial city seemed to vanish, along with the streets where Xu Qing and the woman stood, replaced by a vast expanse of marshland.

A strong sense of crisis surged in Xu Qing's heart as, in the depths of this marsh, the roar of a behemoth shook the watery space.

Immediately after, a huge horn soared into the sky like a towering peak, one after another, tilting towards Xu Qing.

Surging and billowing, it stirred thousands of layers of marsh flowers, resembling a stampede of ten thousand horses, with majestic momentum.

At this critical moment, Xu Qing didn't hesitate at all. He rushed up and lifted his hands in the air. He then performed a series of hand seals and pressed his palms together. In an instant, the three god forms in the surroundings instantly moved toward Xu Qing and fused with his body.

In the blink of an eye, a figure that had gathered three layers of god form appeared.

Crystal for bones, soul threads for flesh, poisonous mist transformed into armor, Heavenly Dao imprints, and three furnaces burning fiercely at its chest, forming a terrifying aura.

The Purple Moon rose behind it, and behind the Purple Moon was an even larger sundial shadow.

At this moment, the shadow spread out in all directions, forming the intent of the forbidden zone. The coffin in the depths was also swaying rapidly and murmurs spread in all directions.

This was Xu Qing's strongest form currently.

He lifted his right hand and pressed down on the marsh. A divine voice echoed from his mouth.

"Withering Flame Demon Magic True Self Dao!"

As soon as Xu Qing finished speaking, rainbow light erupted from his body. After it spread in all directions, the void rumbled. The three inverted mountains that had appeared earlier actually appeared again.

This scene caused the expression of the mysterious female to change drastically, revealing disbelief.

"You…"

Before she could finish speaking, the rainbow light in Xu Qing's eyes flickered. He lifted his right hand and pointed at the ground. Immediately, the first ice mountain landed with great force and rushed toward the rising horn.

Amidst the deafening sounds, the marsh rumbled. After that, it was the second mountain, followed by the third mountain. The three mountains pressed down and the marsh swayed, causing space to be unstable.

The final blow came from Xu Qing's main body. His body was like a shooting star as he landed a punch on the marsh.

An unwilling roar rang out from the depths of the marsh. It was as though the existence hidden inside wanted to rush out completely, but due to some reasons, it couldn't do so in a short period of time.

Hence, this space collapsed first and the world recovered.

The white fan painting behind the mysterious woman shattered into pieces. Her expression was filled with disbelief as she looked at Xu Qing, who was standing there like a demonic god. She wanted to activate the secret art of her right eye.

"Destiny control…"

However, due to the continuous backlash, the old woman in her right eye had just moved when the black fan dissipated on its own.

The woman spat out another mouthful of blood and a life-

and-death crisis appeared. She was about to speak.

In the blink of an eye, Xu Qing's figure had already disappeared from her vision. At the next moment, the female felt a huge force blasting over. Although she struggled with all her strength and barely dodged the fatal blow, she couldn't avoid Xu Qing's palm that had changed from a fist to a palm.

A slap landed on her face.

The mask collapsed, revealing a lovely face. However, the gushing blood and the bruised half of her face destroyed the beauty and her body rolled back uncontrollably.

Before she could land, Xu Qing's figure caught up with her and emerged behind her. When he lifted his right hand, a dagger appeared and he ruthlessly slashed at the mysterious woman's fair neck.

No matter who the other party was, since the other party approached and attacked first, Xu Qing had no habit of sparing them.

Blood gushed out and the head flew up.

At the same time, countless soul threads spread out and rushed toward the woman's body and head, rapidly devouring them.

The woman's body turned into ashes.

However, Xu Qing frowned. The soul threads didn't devour any soul. This body… didn't have a soul.

At the next instant, Xu Qing sensed something and looked at the place where the female had turned into ashes. The ashes gathered there and formed a resplendent butterfly.

This butterfly was illusory and colorful. As it flapped its wings, countless starlight scattered down. A serene voice rang out from its body.

"You…"

In the blink of an eye, the soul threads rushed over and the butterfly collapsed.

However, it quickly formed again.

Xu Qing's gaze was cold.

The woman's voice continued to echo.

"You've previously killed. Your anger should have subsided by now, right?"

With a boom, the million soul threads went again and the butterfly perished again. However, as expected, it reformed.

"That's enough!"

Boom!

After about fifteen minutes, Xu Qing expressionlessly walked into the distance. The butterfly followed behind him and its voice continued to echo.

"You're so petty. You haven't calmed down yet. I was just joking with you earlier. If you still want to fight, you can destroy me a hundred times."

"Aiya, don't be angry. I know you're curious about my cultivation art. You should be curious about my background too, right?"

"I'm from the Summer Immortal Palace."

"I'm under the Palace Master's orders to invite you to the Summer Immortal Palace."

Xu Qing stopped in his tracks.































































The world was silent.

In front of the bright moon in the sky, a few wisps of fog drifted past, giving off an ethereal feeling.

As for the moonlight on the long street, the purple color spread. The source, Xu Qing, stopped in his tracks and turned to stare at the butterfly behind him.

Summer Immortal Palace.

Xu Qing had heard of this organization more than once. The first time was when Princess Anhai mentioned it on the way to the Imperial City.

It was said that this palace not only existed in the human race but also in many races in the entire Wanggu Continent.

The ancientness of this palace could be traced back to the time when Wanggu was established.

In fact, the 99 Immemorial Heavenly Dao of the Wanggu Continent were also built by the founders of this palace. They were the ones who set the rules for this world and drew the boundary for the gods.

They came from a place known as the Profound Earth, which was the lower realm.

Xu Qing's gaze was deep. After a long time, he slowly spoke.

"The human race's Summer Immortal Palace sends out a disciple to travel every thousand years. Are you the one in this generation?"

The butterfly's wings fluttered, and sparkling starlight scattered from its body like dust, disappearing into the void, accompanied by the clear sound echoing.

"I'm not telling you. If you want to know, you…"

Xu Qing was expressionless. The soul threads in his body rushed out and surged into the butterfly's body.

With a boom, the butterfly collapsed and quickly formed again. However, it was destroyed by the soul threads in the blink of an eye.

Xu Qing only stopped after dozens of repetitions.



The butterfly formed again. The pattern on its wings was like an eye, as though it was glaring angrily. After that, it let out a helpless voice.

"You're still angry. You're going too far. Don't attack!"

"Alright, let me answer your question. I also want to travel outside, but… the Palace Master said that my ability isn't enough. Well, it makes sense. I can't even defeat you…"

The voice inside the butterfly sighed.

"So are you going or not? If you don't, I'll just keep following you. I have no choice. The Palace Master asked me to invite you, and if I don't fulfill it, it won't be good."

"Don't be afraid, he won't hurt you. Also, haven't you noticed that the array formation hasn't moved and no one has arrived since the time we fought… You know the reason, right?"

"Because I represent the Summer Immortal Palace. As for the Summer Immortal Palace… no matter in what race, we don't get involved in worldly affairs. We're just historians. We don't make enemies."

"But I also don't know why the Palace Master invited you."

"Are you going or not?"

Xu Qing was quite annoyed. He discovered that after this mysterious woman transformed into a butterfly, she seemed to have become a chatterbox. Her words came one after another and there was no end to them.

However, Xu Qing was indeed interested in the Summer Immortal Palace.

In the Imperial City, many people were paying attention to him, so he wasn't worried of being in a fatal danger in the Summer Immortal Palace.

Hence, after pondering for a bit, he lowered his head and looked at the ancient sun tied to his waist. He felt even more comforted.

"Lead the way!"

Xu Qing calmly spoke.

The butterfly cheered and flew forward, leaving behind a colorful trail, beautiful like a starry sky.

Xu Qing followed behind.

He continued forward and arrived at the north of the Imperial City.

The Imperial Capital was in the inner ring of the Ancient Sovereign Planet, and was quite vast.

 There were all kinds of terrains here like mountain ranges and plains.

Compared to the other areas, the northern area was slightly empty and there were fewer buildings. The night gave it an even more desolate feeling.

A while later, the butterfly stopped in the air above a plain. The resplendent light coupled with the moonlight illuminated this place clearly.

Amidst the light, a temple was faintly discernible.

There were no other buildings in the surroundings, so the temple stood alone.

The temple was dilapidated and filled with a sense of the passage of time. Its existence seemed peculiar, as if it were constructed between reality and illusion.

Xu Qing had passed by this place before and clearly remembered that there was no temple here.

'Is it the same as the Immortal Inquisition Bell?'

Xu Qing fell into deep thought.

"There's no need to speculate. The Summer Immortal Palace of any race is like this—both existing and not existing. When you seek it, you won't find it."

"Only when the Summer Immortal Palace invites you will you be able to see it."

After the butterfly's voice rang out, its body swayed as it headed straight for the temple, disappearing without a trace in its passage. With its departure, the door of the temple slowly opened.

The door was weathered, bearing the unmistakable marks of time, and a sense of antiquity pervaded both inside and outside the temple. Looking at it, it was as if one could see into history.

Xu Qing closed his eyes and the Sundials in his body slowly rotated. When he opened his eyes, he could vaguely see a river of time flowing outside the temple.

This made this temple even more mysterious.

A long time later, Xu Qing took a deep breath and tidied his clothes. He then bowed outside the temple.

After that, he walked toward the entrance of the temple without stopping and directly stepped into the temple.

The moment he entered, a temple that was as dilapidated as its exterior was reflected in Xu Qing's eyes.

The temple was ordinary, with a layout similar to other temples in the outside world. It was empty and quiet, with only the faint sound of burning candles echoing lightly.

The source of the sound was an altar ahead, where nine candles were placed—three extinguished and six burning. The opening of the door caused the candles to flicker, casting a slight dimness over the entire temple.

Below the altar were three straw mats, showing signs of wear and tear as if they had been used for meditation and worship for years.

As for the temple's deities, they were not statues but nine ancient paintings.

The ancient paintings were blurry and indistinct, with only faint outlines of human figures visible.

In addition, the walls around the temple hall were adorned with murals, which appeared mottled in the light of the candles.

Xu Qing's gaze moved away from the altar and landed on the surrounding walls. After staring at them carefully, his heart stirred.

These murals were the condensed history of the human race!

On the murals, Xu Qing saw the scene of the Human Emperor Mystic War ascending the throne!

The portrayal was very clear, vividly portraying the grandness and magnificence. As he looked at it, it was as though he was there himself.

A long time later, Xu Qing's gaze shifted to the other murals. He saw the scene of another Human Emperor ascending the throne.

This emperor's appearance was unfamiliar but there were words left beside him.

Dao World.

Xu Qing took a closer look and continued walking. He saw the Human Sovereign Mirror Cloud who ruled before Dao World!

Xu Qing paused in front of the mural of the Human Sovereign Mirror Cloud. He thought of Crown Prince Purple Green and knew that this Human Sovereign Mirror Cloud was from the same era as Purple Green.

At that time, it could be considered a golden age in the post-

human era.

Xu Qing continued walking. He saw the Human Sovereign Holy Heaven and also the ambitious Human Sovereign Eastern Triumph who had brought half of the human race to ruin.

The coronation scenes of these emperors varied in their grandeur, with the most astonishing being that of the Human Sovereign Eastern Triumph. In the mural, Heavenly Kings stood tall, many Rulers were present, exuding a majestic presence and an incredible dense aura of fortune.

At that time, the human race's foundation was terrifying and the prestige of the ancient sovereign was still there.

When Xu Qing looked back at Mystic War's coronation… the feeling of the human race's decline was quite obvious.

And these scenes, like history turned into a river, flowed before Xu Qing, using the murals to reflect the light of the human race after the departure of the Ancient Sovereign Mystic Nether.

"Then, what about the Ancient Sovereign Mystic Nether before the Human Sovereign Eastern Triumph…"

Waves rose in Xu Qing's heart. He circled around the wall of the temple and continued walking until a scene that surpassed all the human emperors in the future appeared in Xu Qing's eyes.

He saw… the ascension of the Ancient Sovereign Mystic Nether.

The Ancient Sovereign Planet flickered with light and countless auspicious signs. The world lost its color and 99 Immemorial Heavenly Dao appeared, lowering their heads to the palace.

On the vast palace stood a person who surpassed the heavenly might.

Below this person, all the races and countless emperors of the Wanggu Continent were worshiping him with incomparable respect.

One person suppressed Wanggu.

One person swept through the world.

"Ancient Sovereign Mystic Nether!"

Xu Qing gazed for a long time before slowly withdrawing his gaze. After calming his mind, he walked forward, wanting to see the human race before the time of the ancient sovereign.

Before Mystic Nether, there were also emperors in the human race, with varying lengths of reign and different degrees of power.

After the 31st person, Xu Qing saw a grand scene similar to the Ancient Sovereign Mystic Nether's mural.

That… was also an ancient sovereign.

Mystic Nether wasn't the first ancient sovereign of the human race to unify Wanggu. The ancient sovereign before him was called Exiled Immortal!

This person was an empress.

Unparalleled magnificence, the center of attention, and brilliance that spanned the sky.

Xu Qing's heart stirred. This was a history he didn't know about before. Hence, he observed even more carefully and only left after a long time. After that, there were more than 50 Human Emperors…

At the end of the murals in the temple, Xu Qing finally saw… the first ancient sovereign of the human race.

It was a youth. He stood in front of an ancient palace. His clothes weren't imperial robes but Daoist robes.

He didn't look at the myriad races worshiping below. Instead, he seemed to be staring at the starry sky.

His expression was a little melancholic, complicated, and filled with longing.

There were four words written on the side.

Ancient Emperor Heavenly Calm.

"Ancient Emperor Heavenly Calm is the first emperor of the human ethnicity and also the first ancient sovereign."

An elegant sound rang out from behind Xu Qing.

When Xu Qing heard this, he turned his head and looked in the direction of the altar. On the straw mat in the center, there was a woman with her back facing Xu Qing.

Dressed in white, with black hair, illuminated by the candlelight, she appeared before Xu Qing like an old, faded painting.

The person in the painting seemed to exist in time, yet also appeared before Xu Qing's eyes, making it difficult to tell if she belonged to the past or the present.

Her aura was like a god but not a god, like a cultivator but not a cultivator.

'Immortal…'

In Xu Qing's body, the god's finger that had been sleeping for a long time emitted a trembling sound.

'I only took a nap. Why did you… bring me to an immortal…'

The god's finger trembled and instinctively closed Its eyes. It was going to continue sleeping. Once It fell asleep, It wouldn't be afraid anymore.

Xu Qing didn't bother with the awakened god's finger. Instead, his gaze focused on the figure in white.

Ancient temple, figure in white, dim firelight.

At that moment, a moth appeared out of thin air and danced in the surroundings, adding to the scene. Finally, it settled on the woman's shoulder, its wing pattern forming an eye that looked toward Xu Qing.

"Xu Qing, this is my master and also the Palace Master of the Summer Immortal Palace."

Xu Qing's expression was solemn as he bowed.

"Greetings, Palace Master."

The ancient shrine was silent for a long time…

"You have the aura of the Summer Immortal on you."

Her light sound was like water droplets falling on the green stone slab, emitting an ethereal sound that echoed in the archaic shrine for a long time.































































The ethereal voice echoed, drifting through the ancient temple. The speaker was right before him, yet, Xu Qing felt as though ages separated them.

It felt as though someone gently plucked the strings of time outside of its flow, infusing the sound with a sense of temporality.

The god's finger couldn't fall asleep, so It trembled even more.

Xu Qing's heart was also in turmoil. He couldn't see through the cultivation of the Summer Immortal Palace Master in front of him and couldn't even sense her.

Her presence was illusory.

As Xu Qing grew, this scene rarely appeared.

With his experience till now, he had seen almost everything from a Ruler to bizarre entities.

He had even seen several gods.

So, when it came to assessing the aura, Xu Qing had his own reference in mind, but now… he couldn't probe anything from the Summer Immortal Palace Master, nor could he find a similar reference.

The feeling of the intersection between ancient and present, the fusion of reality and illusion, became even more intense at this instant.

All of these feelings eventually gathered into a mystery that permeated Xu Qing's mind.

As for the other party's words, under this mysterious feeling, the feeling they exuded became profound. It was as though the sound came from all living beings and echoed in Xu Qing's mind.

"Summer Immortal…"

Xu Qing suppressed the waves in his heart and pondered for a moment. He suddenly lifted his right hand and the demon-subduing staff where the Diamond Sect's ancestor was instantly flew out and landed in Xu Qing's hand.



"Senior, are you talking about this item?"

Xu Qing looked at the Summer Immortal Palace Master and spoke softly.

The ancient temple was quiet, and lingering sounds could be heard.

In this silence, the Diamond Sect's ancestor in Xu Qing's hand clearly trembled intensely. He couldn't control that fear, as though he was facing a god.

As for the shadow under Xu Qing's feet, it also swayed slightly. It restrained its emotions and didn't dare to act rashly.

All of this allowed Xu Qing to make more judgments about the cultivation of the Summer Immortal Palace Master.

A long time later, the ethereal voice rang out again.

"Yes and no."

The plain-clothed woman continued to sit there with her back facing Xu Qing. Her voice didn't dissipate even after a while.

"Do you know what the Summer Immortal is?"

Xu Qing fell silent and didn't answer immediately. He carefully recalled everything he knew about the Summer Immortal.

A long time later, he spoke in a low voice.

"The Summer Immortal is a realm."

The plain-clothed woman shook her head slightly.

"That's right, but not right either. Just take a look yourself."

The moment her voice drifted out, the woman lifted her right hand and pointed slightly at the first of the nine paintings enshrined behind the candles on the altar.

Immediately, the hazy feeling on the painting began to dissipate and the figure in the painting gradually became clearer.

That was an old man, tall in stature, with white hair and beard, rugged in demeanor, holding a golden cane, the material… was bone.

That wasn't an ordinary bone but the bone of a god.

Even though it was just an image, its aura was astonishing. Xu Qing felt that this bone's aura had actually surpassed the Crimson Goddess!

It was clearly a still painting, but the old man looked like he was walking forward. It was as though he was stepping on clouds, and his entire body was filled with endless domineeringness.

 His clothes looked a little tattered but it didn't affect his temperament at all. Instead, it added to his vicissitudes. His gaze was as deep as the starry sky, as though it could see through everything in the world.

While looking at the painting, Xu Qing tried to remember it. However, he discovered that he couldn't do such a simple thing.

It was as though… the person in this painting couldn't be remembered.

"God can't be looked at directly, and immortals can't be remembered."

The voice of the plain-clothed woman drifted in the hall.

"What you're looking at is one of the nine Summer Immortals of the Wanggu Continent. His origins aren't that of a human. No one knows his exact appearance. This image was also transformed from his mortal skin."

The woman spoke softly. The feeling of time was especially intense at this moment.

She waved her jade-like hand again and the second painting became clear.

The figure in the painting was also an old man, but he was different from the previous figure. He wasn't as domineering and was more scholarly.

He wore a scholar's robe, with long beard fluttering in the wind, his complexion rosy, his eyes profound, embodying the Heavenly Dao.

His hair was neatly combed, gently secured at the top with a wooden hairpin, and his clothes were embroidered with exquisite cloud patterns, every stitch exuding an otherworldly charm.

That was the gods' aura.

Each stitch, each line, was intricately inscribed with a god!

"You're right that the Summer Immortal is a realm, but it's more of a definition by later generations of the ancestors. The cultivators of later generations believed that after the Soul Accumulation is the Ruler, and after the Ruler is Quasi Immortal Great Emperor. When a Quasi Immortal breaks through, they will advance to the Summer Immortal Realm."

As the Summer Immortal Palace Master spoke, she waved her hand again. The third and fourth paintings were reflected in Xu Qing's eyes.

It was a man and a woman.

The woman's dress floated gracefully, her face was ethereal, her hair cascading like a waterfall, dancing in the wind. Her eyes were like a spring pond, shimmering with ripples. With every frown or smile, she enchanted those who beheld her.

Countless orbs of light surrounded her, emitting dazzling radiance. Upon closer inspection, one could see that these orbs were actually stars.

As for the man depicted in the fourth painting, he appeared middle-aged, exuding an air of authority between his brows. His hair was jet black and thick, flowing behind him.

His eyes were deep and profound, akin to the dark night sky, twinkling with the light of wisdom. With a straight nose and thin lips, he gave off an aura of calmness and composure.

Under his feet was a mountain of divine corpses!

The golden blood spread out like a sea.

When Xu Qing saw this, his heart trembled intensely. Even through the painting, he could clearly sense how terrifying those divinities were.

Some of them gave him the feeling that they were on par with the Crimson Goddess and there were even stronger ones.

However… in front of that man, they were just corpses.

The voice of the Summer Immortal Palace Master was still echoing.

"In reality, Summer Immortal was just a title in the earliest days, a designation in the Brilliant Heaven for outstanding individuals of the Profound Earth, the lower immortals, the lower of the upper and lower."

"After that, as history progressed, the lower immortals became the Summer Immortals."

Xu Qing drew in a deep breath. He had never heard of this information.

After the Summer Immortal Palace Master finished speaking, her finger landed on the fifth painting.

This painting showed a youth.

The youth wore a white robe and the sleeves of his robe fluttered in the wind, exuding an immortal aura.

The robe was adorned with intricate patterns, displaying his noble status. His fingers were slender, holding a horsetail whisk, the threads of which danced in the wind, each strand tethering a starry realm.

Within them lay countless worlds, containing all living beings

As for the young man himself, despite his youthful appearance, his eyes exuded an ancient wisdom, as if he had witnessed the myriad facets of the world and possessed rich experiences. Yet, his original intentions remained intact, his smile gentle, evoking a sense of warmth akin to a spring breeze, leaving people irresistibly captivated.

"There are a total of nine of them and they come from different races. Among them, the human race is the most prominent, totaling five. This is also why the human race has produced three ancient sovereigns in the course of history."

The ethereal voice of the Summer Immortal Palace Master continued to echo. As she pointed again, the sixth painting revealed a dazzling light.

In the painting, there was a woman. She had a gentle smile, akin to a blossoming white lotus, adorned in flowing Daoist robes, appearing like a celestial being descending to earth. Her long hair danced around her, complementing her willowy eyebrows and almond-shaped eyes, while her face radiated beauty with fair skin as pure as snow.

Her eyes were clear and bright like a clear spring, shining brightly.

A sword floated behind her. This sword was as black as ink and contained destruction and death.

"The remaining three died in the ancient war. Their immortal senses formed 54 of the 99 Immemorial Heavenly Dao."

The Summer Immortal Palace Master sighed softly and waved her jade-like hand. The remaining three paintings were revealed to Xu Qing at the same time.

These three paintings bore a somewhat grayish hue. The first depicted a woman, her hair cascading like a waterfall, her skin fairer than snow. With a graceful figure and ethereal presence, she seemed to exude an otherworldly aura. Her lips, painted in vermilion, outlined a breathtakingly beautiful visage.

Her smile was the most captivating among all the paintings, radiant and enchanting, likely akin to the warmth of a spring day's sunshine, but alas, now lost to time.

The second figure was a young man, unremarkable in appearance save for his deep gaze. His face bore the marks of age, and he wore a simple Daoist robe that billowed in the wind, as if ready to be carried away.

The last painting was mostly empty. Even though it was displayed by the Summer Immortal Palace Master, the figure was still hazy. One could only vaguely see that he seemed to be an elderly man.

Though his figure was indistinct, the essence emanating from this painting seeped into Xu Qing's perception. He seemed to envision an old man, perhaps lifting his hand to support the collapsing heavens, resembling a mountain, imparting an unshakeable sense of stability.

"The last one didn't have time to leave behind a mortal molt, so only the essence before his fall was preserved."

The Summer Immortal Palace Master looked up at the painting on the altar.

Xu Qing remained silent. He then solemnly bowed toward the paintings. Then, his gaze turned to the figure of the master of Summer Immortal Palace Master, and he spoke with reverence.

"I wonder why Senior summoned me here?"

"The mission of the Summer Immortal Palace is to record the history of the Wanggu Continent. However, in reality, the Summer Immortal Palace has another mission."

"Record the growth arts that caused changes in the Immortal Source of the Summer Immortal Palace."

"Your soul seed has stirred ripples in the Immortal Source, so… would you be willing to leave one, to be perpetually stored within the Immortal Source of Summer Immortal Palace?"

"As a contribution, you may seek a growth art enlightenment from within the Immortal Source."

The Summer Immortal Palace Master spoke softly. The eye pattern on the little butterfly's wings flickered as a voice came from it.

"Ah, it was actually because of this. Master, that lousy growth art of his can cause ripples in the Immortal Source? That's the Immortal Source!"

The voice sounded unconvinced and envious.

Xu Qing remained silent. He didn't expect the goal of the Summer Immortal Palace to be the soul seed. This matter wasn't much to him but he was a little curious about the so-

called Immortal Source.

"Senior, what is the Immortal Source you mentioned?"

The person who answered Xu Qing wasn't the Summer Immortal Palace Master. That little butterfly let out a crisp sound.

"That was created by the nine Summer Immortals after the rise of the Wanggu. It is a great and only existence that surpasses the Heavenly Dao."

"Its effect in the Profound Earth's myriad worlds is the source of all growth arts and divine abilities."

"Most of the spells of the Profound Earth come from the Immortal Source, which spreads them in various ways in the world. At the same time, the Immortal Source is also in charge of collecting and disseminating rare and unique Daos."

"This way, it can ensure the eternal growth of our homeland."

"It's really unbelievable. How could your soul seed cause fluctuations in the Immortal Source!"































































Xu Qing's heart churned. He didn't expect that there was actually such a miraculous existence as an Immortal Source in this world!

The effect of this Immortal Source that surpassed the Heavenly Dao was even more unbelievable.

"The source of all the Profound Earth cultivation arts…"

Xu Qing took a deep breath and instinctively looked at the ground. Before this, he knew that under the Wanggu Continent, what was sealed was the former Brilliant Heaven. He also knew that outside the Wanggu Continent, this starry sky actually belonged to Brilliant Heaven.

What the Wanggu Continent suppressed was only one of the many worlds of the Brilliant Heaven Divine World.

As for the Profound Earth, the homeland of the Summer Immortal, it was also the true origin of all the myriad races in the Wanggu, and was located even further below.

That place must be endless and extremely vast, with countless lives. All their cultivation arts, divine arts, and spells were formed from the Immortal Source jointly forged by the nine Summer Immortals.

It analyzed, collected, organized, and disseminated.

As a result, in the myriad worlds of the Profound Earth, the flowers of cultivation bloomed eternally, and there were countless techniques. Many people obtained techniques through various means, but all of them ultimately originated from this Immortal Source.

The nature of this phenomenon, its impact, left Xu Qing profoundly shaken, unable to put it into words. In his mind, there was only the concept of greatness.

At the same time, Xu Qing also thought of the little butterfly's attack when she transformed into a human. Regardless of whether it was the Withering Flame Demon Magic True Self Dao or the Marsh Kingdom, they clearly came from Immortal Source.

'It's conceivable that someone who mastered and used such divine power to the fullest extent would have been among the elites of the Profound Earth.'



'In that case, I wonder if there are similar things in the Wanggu Continent…'

Xu Qing fell into deep thought, and the little butterfly seemed to have guessed his thoughts. Hence, its voice echoed.

"Are you wondering if there are any similar Immortal Sources in the Wanggu Continent? Let me tell you, because of the will of the Brilliant Heaven, the effect of the Immortal Source is limited in the Wanggu Continent. It can only collect, but cannot evolve or propagate."

"Only the successors of the Summer Immortal Palace from each race can utilize their respective permissions to comprehend from the Immortal Source under certain conditions. Outsiders do not have this opportunity."

"Even I have to pay a price to obtain this opportunity. The rule of the Immortal Source is equivalent exchange!"

"Last time at the Star Emperor Branch Sect, I risked my life to secretly steal a treasure for the Immortal Source, but you are actually getting an opportunity so easily!"

In the ancient temple, the little butterfly's voice echoed. Its crisp and clearly unconvinced voice also added a hint of liveliness to the ancient temple.

Xu Qing glanced at the Summer Immortal Palace Master and then at the little butterfly. A guess couldn't help but rise in his mind. Perhaps… the liveliness of this little butterfly was one of the reasons why the Summer Immortal Palace Master took her as a disciple back then.

Here, immersed in the river of time, steeped in ancient history, the colors were too plain, too monotonous, loneliness and vicissitudes permeating the place to an overwhelming degree.

All of this led those living here to be deeply affected, naturally acquiring a sense of age.

Yet, the existence of their mission meant that the Summer Immortal Palace had to persist in this way generation after generation.

'Someday, when this small butterfly becomes the Summer Immortal Palace Master… she might also become like the current Palace Master before us, born in the present but living in the past, traversing life within the bounds of duty and experiencing the vicissitudes of time.'

Xu Qing shifted his gaze away from the little butterfly, not caring about her tone. Instead, he looked at the Summer Immortal Palace Master and cupped his hands.

"Senior, I understand."

"This… can be done, but I want to see the Immortal Source with my own eyes."

The Summer Immortal Palace Master didn't speak. She only lifted her jade-like hand and guided it slightly toward the candlelight on the altar in front of her. Immediately, the flames of the six burning candles rose greatly and spread out.

It was clearly just a candle flame, but as it spread, it actually formed a rotating sea of fire in the half-empty space of the ancient temple. Amidst the booming rotation, the radiance became much brighter than before, illuminating the dim ancient temple brightly.

On the surrounding murals, the ancient sovereigns seemed to have come alive under this light and emitted the imperial might of the human race.

This might fused with the sea of fire and finally formed a scene.

Its true location remained unknown. It seemed to be merely a window to another realm, revealing a vibrant void within.

Within this void grew an immensely colossal plant.

It was… a dandelion.

Its stem was imprinted with countless runic marks, and every one of them emitted a terrifying and astonishing might. When gathered together, these marks rendered the dandelion pearlescent, mysterious, and utterly unique.

 Beneath it lay soil, nourishing its growth, yet upon closer inspection, this soil revealed itself to be composed of flesh and blood, the remains of countless gods.

It was as though… back then, after the nine Summer Immortals overturned this Brilliant Heaven Divine World, they buried most of the gods they slaughtered here.

Let Them provide eternal nourishment to the dandelion.

At the same time, the divine souls of these gods were also restricted here. They were forced to kneel and let out heart-rending and terrifying wails. Their divine sounds could better promote the operation of the dandelion.

This was the Immortal Source.

It was the Immortal Source created by the nine Summer Immortals, burying a divine world!

In the mud formed by the flesh and blood of gods, there were still over a hundred corpses that hadn't completely decomposed. It was as though Their existence was too astonishing and the time needed for Them to decompose was infinitely long.

Among them, Xu Qing only took a glance at one of the corpses before his mind rumbled. His body showed signs of collapsing and the divine sources in his body trembled.

This scene caused Xu Qing's breathing to pause.

That corpse was the largest among all the corpses in this land of fleshy soil. Because he didn't have a reference, it was difficult to judge Its exact size.

However, the aura from Its body was the strongest Xu Qing had seen so far. Compared to It, the Crimson Goddess was like a firefly. Even the Sword Holding Emperor was only a firefly.

This god had imperial qi!

"That's the former God Emperor of this divine world."

The sound of the Summer Immortal Palace Master rang out ethereally.

Xu Qing's heart stirred. In the end, he retracted his gaze and looked at the dandelion.

It was in full bloom and released countless furry seeds. They weren't white but tricolored in red, yellow, and blue. At this moment, they drifted into the surrounding void, continuously dispersing farther and farther away.

One could imagine that these seeds were cultivation arts and divine arts, spreading across the myriad worlds of the Profound Earth.

At the same time, some seeds were returning from the void, integrating into the dandelion, being absorbed, transformed, and then dispersing once again.

The cycle repeated.

Xu Qing stared at this scene and felt deep respect for this Immortal Source. He slowly released a soul seed from his body and let it drift in front of him.

The soul seed shone with a purple light. Under Xu Qing's divine sense, it passed through the window and flew toward the emptiness where the dandelion was. The moment it entered, it also transformed into the appearance of a dandelion seed and got close to the dandelion.

At the next instant, it fused into it.

As for Xu Qing's divine consciousness contained in the soul seed, it should have been instantly erased, causing the soul seed to be blank. However, as the Summer Immortal Palace Master waved her hand, the burning power of the candle interfered, causing this process to slow down.

"Outsiders can't directly comprehend the Immortal Source. They only have this chance at the moment they contribute, but it's fleeting. However, with my authority, I can allow the consciousness in your soul seed to exist for ten breaths. You can grasp it yourself and see what divine powers you can obtain."

Summer Immortal Palace Master's sound echoed in Xu Qing's mind. Xu Qing heard it but couldn't respond.

This was because at that moment, his mind was churning intensely. Countless heavenly lightning bolts exploded in his ears and his perception fell into an indescribable state.

It was as though he had entered the void where the dandelion was. There was minced meat below and a dandelion that was as tall as the sky in front of him.

As for his size, it was the same as the seeds of the dandelion.

Around him were countless dandelion seeds. A large number of blurry figures emerged in each of them and they were all displaying divine powers and spells.

They were densely packed and endless.

He seemed to be able to learn all of them but there were too many cultivation arts and they were of varying quality, mixed together. It was unrealistic to examine them one by one.

In this short period of time, it was impossible for him to use this method to find the most suitable technique. Hence… Xu Qing didn't choose to check them one by one.

Instead, he observed. Regardless of whether it was in front of him or in the distance, he was observing everything within the range of his divine consciousness, scanning past the dandelion seeds.

A few breaths later, Xu Qing's eyes suddenly narrowed.

He saw a dandelion seed. This was a little different from the others. It wasn't going out but returning.

Although there were also figures inside, compared to the many people in the other dandelion seeds, there were only two figures sitting cross-legged on the left and right.

In addition, the moment Xu Qing looked at this seed, the Purple Moon power in his body truly reacted.

Time was limited and Xu Qing didn't have time to think too much. He was decisive and controlled his divine consciousness to rapidly approach the dandelion seed. However, the process wasn't smooth.

That seed was a little far away.

Most importantly, the location it drifted to was directly above the God Emperor's corpse. Although it was far away from the corpse, the pressure was very intense.

However, if he waited for the seed to pass by on its own before taking it, there wouldn't be enough time.

Xu Qing could sense that his divine sense was already showing signs of dissipating. He understood that there wasn't much time left.

"I'll risk it!"

Xu Qing sped forward, displaying his speed to the extreme. He avoided the other seeds along the way and rapidly got closer. The God Emperor's corpse below also became clearer.

There was finally a reference to judge Its size. Compared to It, Xu Qing was like a strand of hair on Its body!

The pressure from the God Emperor's corpse became even more terrifying. Even though Xu Qing was very far above It now, he was still affected. The heavenly lightning in his mind instantly reached the extreme and the body formed by his divine sense was about to collapse.

Xu Qing steeled his heart. Before he collapsed from the pressure, he burned his divine sense himself. Amidst the rumbling sounds, his divine sense body was destroyed. However, with the help of this burning power, he finally rushed forward for a distance.

He came into contact with the drifting dandelion seed.

The moment they came into contact, an ancient and dignified sound echoed in Xu Qing's mind.

"This realm of heaven and earth can be likened to a well…"































































Xu Qing's mind rumbled and all his perception collapsed, turning into nothingness. His divine sense also dissipated from the Immortal Source.

As for that dandelion seed, it quivered and flew back slightly, before following its original trajectory and returning to the Immortal Source. However… the figures inside had changed from two to three!

But the third figure was blurry, as though it might dissipate at any moment.

Xu Qing's true body was standing in the ancient temple, under the sea of fire, and outside the window of the Immortal Source. His eyes were closed and he was motionless.

The Summer Immortal Palace Master sighed softly with some regret.

The little butterfly naturally understood the meaning behind her sigh, so it immediately spoke in its crisp sound.

"Xu Qing is too greedy. The returning seed has yet to be purified by the Immortal Source, so it is very difficult to comprehend it. If it were purified by the Immortal Source to become a blank slate, it would be much simpler."

The little butterfly's words contained a hint of smugness and joy. It thought to itself, 'It serves Xu Qing right for killing me so many times outside. That's why I didn't tell him this secret earlier.'

Amidst its joy, it continued to speak.

"Master, you helped him delay for ten breaths but he didn't grasp the opportunity. This is his fate. There's no need to sigh."

"It's fine. My comprehension ability is even better. I will work a bit harder and I will be stronger than him."

"There's a high chance that the figure Xu Qing left in the seed will dissipate on its own, proving that his comprehension has failed. Even if his comprehension ability is slightly inferior to mine, there won't be enough time anyway."

"Once that seed returns to the main body without an imprint, it will also be purified."

"So, Master, you don't have to regret it."



The little butterfly happily spoke, but the Summer Immortal Palace Master shook her head.

"What I regret isn't this Xu Qing but that I chose you as my disciple too early."

After saying that, the Summer Immortal Palace Master's gaze landed on the dandelion seed Xu Qing had comprehended.

The little butterfly didn't understand the meaning of these words and was stunned. Its gaze instinctively followed its master toward the seed. Just as it was about to ask, the eye on its wings suddenly narrowed.

Within the realm of the Immortal Source, the dandelion seed that had been sensed by Xu Qing was returning to its mother body. It wasn't very far away, and it was estimated that it would only take several dozen breaths of time before it merged back into its mother body.

However, in the process of returning, the originally blurry third figure inside actually became clearer at an unbelievable speed!

The figure became more and more stable.

In the end, the figure even showed Xu Qing's appearance.

This speed was something the little butterfly couldn't imagine. In the past, it had comprehended purified seeds that were scattered outside, so it had sufficient time to comprehend them.

Generally speaking, it would be able to leave an imprint in a day or two.

That was why it had spoken like that earlier and didn't think that Xu Qing could succeed. It was using itself as a reference. However, everything it saw now subverted its understanding, causing its mind to rumble like thunder. It was dumbfounded.

"Wha…"

At the same time, an earth-shattering storm erupted in Xu Qing's sea of consciousness.

He beheld a rippling expanse of stars, akin to the surface of water.

Compared to the cosmos, this starry sky resembled a well.

"In the well lies all things, encompassing every divine skill, every magical treasure, every form imaginable…"

The ancient voice was faint yet resonant.

Entranced, Xu Qing immersed himself in it, his consciousness merging with the sound, sinking into the depths of this well.

Though his perception in the realm of the Immortal Source had collapsed, and his divine sense there had completely dissipated, the fleeting touch from before had imprinted the legacy in his consciousness.

Although it was only a wisp, it was enough. Xu Qing's comprehension ability was so strong that even Old Master Seventh and the heir were astonished on numerous occasions. Therefore, this wisp of comprehension in his sea of consciousness was more than sufficient.

Hence, under this immersion, the starry sky in Xu Qing's eyes slowly calmed down as the ripples dissipated. At the same time, everything above it was reflected.

 Xu Qing vaguely saw himself in the well formed by the starry sky.

On the surface of the water, he saw all his god forms, his Heavenly Dao, all his magic artifacts, and everything in his golden cores.

God's Finger, Ghost Emperor Mountain, D132, morning glow…

Not only that, but there were also all the cultivation arts, spells, and even divine arts he had cultivated since he started his cultivation journey.

Golden Crow Refines All Life, Under the Nine Springs, and so on… Even his figure was revealed inside.

At first glance, it was almost impossible to tell if what was shown on the water was real or if reality lay beneath it!

"That's also me…"

Xu Qing mumbled. This was a very profound feeling but it was extremely real.

Amidst this haziness, Xu Qing also sensed that he had lost all his mobility. It was as though he had frozen up and his soul was being sucked away by the water surface.

However… there was no purple crystal in the reflection in the water!

This discovery caused Xu Qing's heart to tremble. After that, he heard that ancient and domineering voice again.

"This divine ability of mine is… Fishing the Moon From the Well!"

As these words were spoken, an indistinct hand seemed to materialize from the void. It gently scooped downward toward the water's surface, causing ripples to form. Within these ripples, the reflection of Xu Qing's figure appeared. Astonishingly, with a light scoop from the hand, Xu Qing's image was lifted out of thin air.

"I found the moon in the well to be exquisite and wished to possess it for myself. Now, I have it."

Within the illusory hand emerged Xu Qing's image. With a firm grasp, the hand clenched tightly around Xu Qing's figure.

"He is you!"

"So, have you learned?"

As the voice echoed, a blurry figure slowly formed along the large hand and finally revealed itself in Xu Qing's sea of consciousness.

It was a middle-aged man in gray armor with a pale face and a calm gaze!

He was a middle-aged man wearing gray armor, his face pale and his eyes calm as water. The armor on his body appeared ferocious, as if it were grown onto his flesh, blurring the line between armor and flesh.

This gave the man an aura of malevolence that was oddly mixed with dominance, creating a contradictory yet harmonious presence.

At that moment, what he was looking at was none other than Xu Qing in his palm.

Xu Qing couldn't move. Regardless of whether it was his body or spells, even his god forms seemed to have been stripped away at this moment. However, his thoughts and comprehension weren't affected.

"So the name of this divine power is Fishing the Moon From the Well!"

"What a great divine power. There was originally no moon in the well. Even if it appeared, it would only be a reflection of the moon in the sky. However, in this person's hands, it became such an earth-shattering technique!"

"The process he demonstrated seems to utilize the gaps between reality and illusion, incorporating a certain degree of temporal power, along with the art of mirror image. This was complemented by the concepts of creation from nothingness and materialization of the intangible."

"This thought requires absolute confidence, absolute domineering intent, and absolute will."

Xu Qing came to a realization. The figure in the dandelion seed also became clearer and clearer until it completely formed and stood on one side with the other two.

To a certain extent, it could be said that Xu Qing had already comprehended Fishing the Moon From the Well.

However, at the next instant, Xu Qing's heart stirred.

"That's not right!"

"It's impossible for the inheritance of the Immortal Source to be so simple. All of this should only be on the surface. My thoughts are a little one-sided. The heir and Third Grandma also told me that what limits a person's footsteps is imagination."

"Therefore, Fishing the Moon From the Well might not be what I think it is… It should be more profound with much greater use. It's just that I can't see it clearer due to my cognition and ability."

Xu Qing pondered. As he pondered, the figure in the dandelion seed suddenly collapsed and began to disappear. This scene caused the little butterfly, who had been paying attention, to be stunned again.

It originally thought that Xu Qing had succeeded and its heart was already churning. However, now it saw Xu Qing's figure had collapsed…

"Master, this… what's going on?"

The little butterfly was at a loss.

The Summer Immortal Palace Master sighed again, feeling even more regretful.

"It's a pity that the rule of the Summer Immortal Palace states that it can only be passed down to one person in each generation."

The little butterfly was shocked.

The Summer Immortal Palace Master continued.

"He's dissatisfied with the inherited divine power and is probing its essence."

"Essence?" The little butterfly's eyes widened.

The Summer Immortal Palace Master wasn't wrong. At that moment, Xu Qing was indeed thinking about the essence of this technique.

He recalled the reaction of the Purple Moon power in his body when he sensed the seed. Coupled with the name of this divine art, a bold thought instantly burst forth in his mind.

"What was fished out of the well wasn't just the soul of one person or a group of people."

"What surfaces in the well aren't just divine powers, spells, magic artifacts, and the like."

"These are too simple."

"Since there's a moon in the well, why should it be limited to the moon in the sky?"

"It doesn't necessarily have to be used on enemies. I can completely… use this technique to retrieve the moon in my mind!"

Xu Qing's mind rumbled. He felt that his thoughts were correct.

"I understand now. This is also why this gray-armored cultivator mentioned finding the moon beautiful and wanting to possess it. He was reminding me!

He even asked me if I had learned. This is also a reminder!"

"In fact, when he said, 'he was me,' these words were almost a clear indication to me."

"Is this person asking me if I've really learned the essence of all this?!"

Xu Qing's thoughts instantly became clear and smooth. With a thought, his figure in the palm erupted with an intense piercing purple light.

This light spread in all directions and his statue disappeared, transforming into a… vast Purple Moon!

This star emitted a monstrous might from the palm. In an instant, the palm emitted a rumbling sound and directly collapsed. Even the gray-armored figure disintegrated under the purple light and turned into ashes.

Only a Purple Moon rose from the surface of the well.

This moon wasn't an illusion but a real existence!

It wasn't the one that Li Zihua had taken away in the depths of the starry sky. Instead, it was the second Purple Moon Star in the Wanggu Continent formed by Xu Qing!

It came from the same source as Li Zihua but it belonged exclusively to Xu Qing!

Xu Qing's statue appeared on the Purple Moon. He cupped his hands and bowed to the disappearing gray-armored cultivator with gratitude.

Outside, the dandelion seed became already close to the main body. The moment this was about to fuse, the two figures within shattered and completely disappeared. Only a statue stood there!

It became Xu Qing!































































In the ancient temple, the Summer Immortal Palace Master stared at the dandelion seed that only belonged to Xu Qing through the window formed by the candlelight until it fused into the main body and disappeared.

The little butterfly at the side watched this scene in a daze. Its thoughts were in chaos, and it couldn't even speak properly.

"Ah? The only one… what is this? Master, he… he's cheating!"

"For countless years, talented individuals in the Profound Earth have speculated that all techniques have their sources. If someone occupies these sources, then reaching the pinnacle of mastery in such techniques becomes extremely difficult."

The Summer Immortal Palace Master spoke softly.

"They don't know about the existence of the Immortal Source. This is what they guessed from their observations."

"This guess is correct and incorrect."

"The Profound Earth cultivation arts indeed have sources, and few are unique. However, if someone can do it, their imprint will become deeply rooted, and even the Immortal Source will respect it and refrain from erasing it, leaving it for future generations to observe and learn from."

"This Xu Qing has done it."

The voice of the Summer Immortal Palace Master became less ethereal and was replaced by admiration. She waved her right hand. The candlelight in the air rolled back and returned to the candles on the altar.

The imperial qi inside also spread out and fused into the various Human Emperor totems on the surrounding murals.

Only the lingering voice of the Summer Immortal Palace Master still echoed in the ancient temple.

Even though the little butterfly might seem foolish, combined with the regretful words of the master before, she also sensed this hint of admiration. So, feeling flustered, she was about to express herself.



At that moment, Xu Qing slowly opened his eyes.

There was no confusion in his eyes but clarity. There was also a purple halo flowing in them. Under the illumination, it gave people the feeling that his pupils were like the stars.

Perhaps they were indeed stars.

"Thank you, Palace Master!"

Xu Qing cupped his hands and bowed deeply to the Summer Immortal Palace Master.

"No need for that. Offering your soul seed to the Immortal Source is already a great merit for the Profound Earth. Afterwards, your soul seed will be stripped of its will and formed into techniques, spreading throughout the myriad worlds of the Profound Earth, adding a touch of color to the Profound Earth's techniques."

"And through this merit, you obtained the chance to comprehend divine abilities in the Immortal Source. This is cause and effect."

"Now, is there anything else you want to ask?"

The Summer Immortal Palace Master spoke more than before. Clearly, the admiration she had for Xu Qing was the main reason.

Xu Qing fell silent. His gaze then landed on the nine paintings.

"Palace Master, I want to know, where did the Summer Immortal seniors who founded the Wanggu Continent and raised the Heavenly Dao go? And why haven't they returned since the appearance of the fragmented-face of the god?"

Xu Qing's voice drifted in the ancient temple. What answered him was a soft sigh from the Summer Immortal Palace Master.

"No one knows the exact locations of the six Summer Immortals. There's only a piece of information in the records of the Summer Immortal Palace."

"Some of them went to the depths of Brilliant Heaven and some are recuperating in the Profound Earth. As for the details, I don't know either."

"It's been too long."

The Summer Immortal Palace Master's voice contained some special emotions. After she finished speaking, her figure slowly blurred, and the nearby little butterfly, sensing its master's melancholy, also blurred along with her.

Xu Qing remained silent. He knew that it was time for him to leave.

Hence, he bowed again and turned to walk toward the entrance of the temple. Just before he stepped out, he turned his head and took one last look at the ancient temple.

What he looked at wasn't the blurry Palace Master or the altar, but the painting which depicted the first emperor of the human race, also the first ancient sovereign.

That youth who was looking up at the starry sky.

After a glance, Xu Qing retracted his gaze and stepped out of the ancient temple.

As he strolled out, the ancient temple behind him shattered like a bubble amidst a colorful swirl, until it vanished completely, leaving no trace of its existence.

 Xu Qing turned his head and stared, only to find emptiness.

There were no buildings at all.

It was as if it were just a dream, and at this moment, in the distance, the sun rose into the sky, marking the dawn. The sky gradually woke from darkness, becoming brighter.

It was dyed crimson, creating a magnificent scene.

The earth was shrouded in a thin morning mist, as if someone had draped a veil over it, giving it a hazy sense of mystery.

As the first rays of sunlight spread across the land, the morning mist melted away like snow, becoming even thinner until it disappeared completely. The sunlight then shone through the space between heaven and earth, falling upon Xu Qing.

The night had passed.

Xu Qing gazed at the red sun, his breath forming white mist in the cold morning air. In his mind, the painting he had seen twice floated, vivid and clear.

That first ancient sovereign of the human race, that youth… When he first saw him, he already felt a sense of familiarity. When he took another glance at the painting before he left, the feeling was even stronger.

"I feel like I've seen him before…"

Xu Qing mumbled. With this thought in mind, he stepped on the light of the rising sun and strolled toward Ning Yan's residence.

Two hours later, the sky was already bright. The instant he strolled to the lake in front of Ning Yan's residence, Xu Qing suddenly stopped in his tracks. He examined at the lake in front of him and vaguely found the source of the familiarity.

"He looks a little like Master."

Xu Qing fell into deep thought. He strolled on the surface of the lake and returned to the mansion step by step.

He had never seen his master's young appearance, but that youth's gaze was very similar to his master's eyes.

While he was thinking of this, he saw Fenghai County cultivators waiting for him in the courtyard. The instant they saw Xu Qing, cheers erupted.

In the crowd, there was also Ning Yan, along with Kong Xianglong, Wu Jianwu, and Li Yunshan, the Sword Holding Palace Master of Fenghai County, who had led the team accompanying Xu Qing to the Imperial Capital.































































Zi Xuan had also returned and was smiling from afar.

Even the captain was there. His hand was around Wu Jianwu's neck and was saying something. When he noticed Xu Qing, he grinned.

Their cheers were because Xu Qing's identity as a member of the Variant Immortal School had been revealed, because he had won the Dao discussion, because Xu Qing had killed the Seventh Prince, and also because of Bai Xiaozhuo's death!

To all the Fenghai County cultivators, the Seventh Prince and Bai Xiaozhuo were huge enemies!

Hearing the cheers and looking at the familiar crowd in front of him, Xu Qing was in a daze. So much had happened in the past day and night that he only now realized that it had only been one night since yesterday's Dao discussion.

The experiences in the Summer Immortal Palace and within the ancient temple filled with the aura of time and history seemed to distort Xu Qing's perception of time, giving him a vague sense of its passage.

However, he quickly suppressed this feeling. A smile appeared on his face as he bowed slightly to the cheering crowd.

Kong Xianglong was the first to rush out of the crowd. His eyes were red as he arrived in front of Xu Qing. Just as he was about to bow, Xu Qing stepped forward and hugged him.

Kong Xianglong's body paused for a moment before he hugged Xu Qing as well.

"Thank you, thank you, thank you…"

Li Yunshan's emotions were also churning. He walked out and bowed deeply to Xu Qing.

"Thank you, Lord Xu, for killing that bastard Bai, killing the Seventh Prince, and avenging the blood feud of Fenghai. If the late Palace Master knows about this in the netherworld, he would definitely be able to rest in peace!"

All the Sword Holders bowed in unison.

Ning Yan, who was among them, bowed even more deeply. Although the degree of his excitement was different from the others, it had also reached the extreme. The death of the Seventh Prince and the display of Xu Qing's might filled him with pride, stirring up a sense of valor in his heart.



On this joyful morning for the cultivators of Fenghai County, Xu Qing reciprocated the gesture and made his way towards Zi Xuan.

In the sunlight, Zi Xuan's figure appeared graceful and elegant, her face resembling a lotus flower, her eyes holding the clarity of autumn water, and her lips akin to a touch of vermilion. Serene as a delicate flower reflected in water, she wore a purple dress, moving gracefully like a fairy descending to earth or a blooming violet.

Her eyebrows resembled distant mountains adorned with dark clouds, while her eyes were like rippling autumn water.

"Where did you go last night? How did you end up with a hint of the dust of time on you and a scent of pollen lingering around you?"

Zi Xuan's beautiful eyes swept past Xu Qing with a spurious smile.

Just as Xu Qing was about to speak, the captain not far away blinked and hurriedly shouted.

"Junior Brother, come quickly. I have something important to tell you. It's a huge matter!"

As he spoke, he quickly stepped forward. Before Xu Qing could speak, he grabbed Xu Qing's arm and pulled him away. At the same time, he quickly spoke to Zi Xuan.

"Sister-in-law, you two have plenty of time to catch up later. I've come back after a long absence, so let me discuss important matters with Little Qing first."

As he spoke, he hurriedly left with Xu Qing.

Xu Qing felt somewhat helpless as the captain pulled his arm, leading him away until they reached a secluded chamber. With a gesture, the captain sealed off the surroundings, then turned to Xu Qing with a look of seeking recognition.

"How is it, Little Qing? Your Eldest Senior Brother's reaction is fast, right? Let me tell you, as soon as you returned, I could smell the fragrance of pollen on your body from afar."

"You're still too young, inexperienced. Remember, if you're going to sneak around next time, make sure to clean up afterward!"

"Senior Brother helped you this time, but I can't make it in time every time, right?"

Xu Qing was speechless. He looked at the smug captain and asked.

"Where have you been all this time?"

As soon as Xu Qing spoke, the captain, sitting nearby with his legs crossed, raised his hand and took out a peach, then tossed an apple to Xu Qing. Eating one and speaking with an air of pride, he said.

"To do something big, of course."

"Let me tell you, Little Qing, although you've made a name for yourself now, it's only in the Imperial Capital. When my big plan succeeds, then it'll really blow your mind."

Xu Qing was too familiar with this scene and knew what the captain wanted. Hence, after taking the apple, he put on a curious expression.

"What big plan?"

 The captain perked up, leaning forward slightly, and spoke in a low voice.

"During this period of time, I was in the Star Emperor Branch Sect, the place where I went to steal things previously. At that time, I didn't manage to steal anything but I wasn't convinced, so I thought of a way to join this sect."

"Now, I've successfully become an outer sect disciple and the assessment is about to begin. I'm confident that I'll succeed in the assessment. Once I succeed, I'll be an inner sect disciple!"

"When the time comes, I'll make a move and get close to my target!"

Upon hearing this, Xu Qing couldn't help but feel a genuine curiosity stirring in his heart. After all, whatever could make the captain ponder over it so much must be far from ordinary.

"Senior Brother, what exactly are you trying to steal?"

"The Wordless Stone Scripture!"

The captain's eyes lit up with deep desire.

"That mysterious chick back then also stole this item. You might think she succeeded, but that chick is a little silly. What she stole was just an empty shell, a broken stone."

"What I want is the words inside!"

"Wordless Stone Scripture?" Xu Qing glanced at the captain.

"That's right, the Wordless Stone Scripture." The captain smiled faintly.

Xu Qing fell silent and nodded.

"Why don't you ask me why the Wordless Stone Scripture has words?" The captain asked, expectantly.

Xu Qing already had the answer. However, seeing the captain like this, he still chose to satisfy his expectations. Hence, he followed his intentions and asked.

The captain perked up and laughed, speaking mysteriously.

"The Wordless Stone Scripture has four words. The silly girl stole the shell, but she doesn't know that those four words have become sentient long ago and escaped. They're now hiding in a jade slip somewhere in the upper level of the Scripture Transmission Pavilion. As long as I become an inner sect disciple, I can visit the upper level of the pavilion and find them!"

"These four words are related to the Divine Realms. Regardless of which Divine Realm, they all have a certain function. Moreover, I've heard that the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race is planning a hunt in a Divine Realm soon!"

Xu Qing's eyes narrowed.

The captain looked even more smug.

"How's that? Impressive, right? Otherwise, why would I spend so much energy and time, even risking my life to infiltrate the Star Emperor Sect? For this, I've put in a lot of effort."

"But it's okay, all the effort is worth it. In a month, it will be the assessment, and I'll definitely be promoted to the inner sect. Then, we'll pay a visit to the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race. When they open the Divine Realm for hunting, we'll sneak in!"

The captain's gaze was firm and incomparably persistent.

"Hunting in the Divine Realm?"

Xu Qing's heart trembled. He had a deeper understanding of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race. However, the notion of hunting in the Divine Realm clearly held many details yet to be revealed.

"I'll tell you in detail after I get it." As the captain spoke, he finished the peach in his mouth and rose to pat his butt.

"Alright, I'll depart now. I'm just letting you know in advance this time. You should also prepare yourself. Next… wish me luck for success."

The captain seized a deep breath and was about to leave.

Xu Qing hesitated and asked.

"Is it that difficult to get the jade slip from the Scripture Transmission Pavilion?"

When the captain heard this, he was unhappy.

"Little Qing, you're dreaming. That's the Star Emperor Supreme Sect. Although it's a branch sect, the Scripture Transmission Pavilion is the core of this sect. There are old monsters there, guarding the building. Outsiders aren't allowed to enter. Otherwise, I would have stolen it long ago and wouldn't have to go through so much trouble."

Xu Qing fell silent. He thought of Chen Daoze. Hence, he seized out a voice transmission jade slip and transmitted a message…

The captain was curious.

"What are you doing?"

"Eldest Senior Brother, wait a while. I'll see if I can help you complete your plan ahead of time."

Xu Qing calmly spoke.

The captain was stunned.































































"Complete ahead of time?"

The captain suspiciously sized up Xu Qing a few times and stroked his chin. He instinctively took out a peach and took a few bites.

"Little Qing, did you make a good friend in Star Emperor Sect while I was away? Is it a female cultivator? Is she attractive? How's her figure? Is the fragrance on you from her?"

"I have to criticize you for this matter. Always remember, you're my junior brother, and I'm your senior brother!"

The captain's expression was a little solemn.

"So, next time if something like this happens, let me handle it!"

Xu Qing glanced at the captain. He originally planned to tell the truth but now, he didn't want to say it anymore. Hence, he sat there and closed his eyes, ignoring the captain.

Seeing Xu Qing like this, the captain blinked and sat opposite Xu Qing.

"Why aren't you saying anything? It's fine, it's fine. Regardless of whether you succeed or not, Eldest Senior Brother will remember your kindness. My heart aches for your body, Little Qing."

Xu Qing still had his eyes closed.

The captain coughed and put on a mysterious expression as he spoke in a low voice.

"Little Qing, do you want to know the reason why the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race is organizing a hunt in the Divine Realm?"

Xu Qing opened his eyes and looked at the captain.

The captain had a smug expression on his face as he ate the peach.

"You know that the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race is very strong, right? However, they still can't unify the Wanggu like the human race did in the past."



"There are four reasons."

"The first reason is that in the Wanggu Continent, there are still four super races that are as powerful as the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race. In fact, among the five great races, Flame Moon's ranking is only third."

"The second reason is the customs and survival methods of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race. They have a small population spread across a vast territory, so most of them are nomads. They colonize and enslave numerous races to fight for them."

"The third reason is that their three gods Sun, Moon, and Star have their own temples, influencing the secular world and dividing the race into three factions, leading to intense internal conflicts."

"In the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race, the highest level is the Divine Mountain, where the headquarters of the three divine temples are located. The Divine City built around the Divine Mountain is the supreme authority in the Flame Moon."

"Next are the three Great Priests' tents, positioned around the Divine Mountain, establishing a tripod balance across the entire region."

"The fourth reason is that although the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race has three gods, its overall strength is still inferior compared to other powerful races. Therefore, for countless years, in order to become stronger, this race has had a tradition of hunting, nurturing its people like raising Gu This has cultivated a fierce temperament among the people and also promotes reverence for the strong."

"They also set up a hunting festival that happens once every 60 years. They are no longer satisfied with hunting weak races. Hence, many years ago, they set their sights on the Divine Realm."

"During the Grand Hunt that occurs once every 300 years, the three gods will randomly tear open an entrance to the Divine Realm, allowing the clan members to enter and hunt the beings within the Divine Realm."

The captain looked at Xu Qing.

This was the first time Xu Qing had heard of these things. He now had a better understanding of the strength of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race.

When he thought of the current human race, Xu Qing fell silent.

The captain finished the peach in his hand and took out another one before continuing.

"Now you know why there's hunting in the Divine Realm, right? Also, I heard that in every Grand Hunt of the Flame Moon Race, after experiencing many rounds of assessment, the person who ultimately wins will be bestowed a prestigious title by the Divine Mountain."

"Mystic Heaven General!"

Xu Qing's eyes narrowed.

A hint of fascination appeared in the captain's eyes.

"In my previous life, I participated in this Grand Hunt. It's a pity that there was an accident in the process. Otherwise, I would have been able to obtain the identity of a Mystic Heaven General."

"Can it be someone other than a member of the Flame Moon Race?" Xu Qing asked.

The captain nodded.

 "Regardless of whether it's the Flame Moon Race's own people, its affiliated races, or the nonhuman cultivators who came from afar, as long as they can get the qualifications, they can participate in the Grand Hunt. However, throughout history, all those bestowed with the title of Mystic Heaven General have been members of the Flame Moon Race."

"My plan this time is to use the Flame Moon's Grand Hunt to sneak into the Divine Realm…"

The captain licked his lips and looked up at the door of the house.

"Little Qing, is your mistress coming or not? I've been waiting for a long time. Is there any news?"

"That's the Scripture Transmission Pavilion. The cultivation of the old monster inside is astonishing, and his perception is extremely sharp. Every time I get close, I feel as though my soul is pierced by countless needles. Can your mistress help me get rid of that old monster?"

The captain ate the peach in his hand in one bite and his gaze landed on Xu Qing.

"That is unrealistic. It's impossible for that old monster to leave the Scripture Transmission Pavilion. Can she bring people in? If not, I'd better hurry back."

Xu Qing was expressionless as he looked at the door of the house.

"They're here."

"Hmm?"

The captain was curious and was about to speak when a Sword Holder's voice rang out from outside the door, informing Xu Qing that someone wanted to see him.

"Invite him here."

Xu Qing calmly spoke.

"Who is it?" The captain was even more curious. He stared at the door eagerly. Soon, when he sensed something, there was a knock on the door.

Xu Qing lifted his hand and waved it. The door opened and an entrance was revealed from the surrounding seals. The figure of an old man was revealed outside the door and he stepped into the secret chamber with a single step.

This old man had white hair and wore an ordinary Daoist robe. One couldn't tell his identity but his Nihility energy fluctuation was incomparably deep, and his eyes were exceptionally bright.

His arrival aroused the captain's vigilance.

The moment he saw Xu Qing, the old man bowed and took out a storage bag, placing it in front of Xu Qing.

"All of them are here. You can return them in seven days."

With that, the old man stepped back and left the secret chamber, disappearing from sight.

Throughout the entire process, he only said these words. He didn't even glance at the captain.

After he left, the captain was a little puzzled. He looked in the direction the other party had left in and then looked at the storage bag.

"Little Qing, who is this person? His cultivation isn't simple. Also, he said that everything is here… What's in this storage bag?"

The captain's breathing was a little hurried. A guess rose in his mind but he felt that the possibility wasn't very high.

"All the jade slips in the Star Emperor's Branch Sect's Scripture Transmission Pavilion are here."

Xu Qing flicked his sleeve and the storage bag flew toward the captain.

"Impossible!" The captain suddenly sat up and grabbed the storage bag. His divine sense swept through it and his eyes widened. He immediately looked at Xu Qing.

His expression was filled with disbelief.

With a sweep of his divine sense, he sensed more than 100,000 jade slips in this storage bag, which included everything in the Star Emperor's branch sect. According to his previous inquiries, he recognized these jade slips here to be from the Scripture Transmission Pavilion.

Moreover, the number… they should be all of them.

Most importantly, he sensed the obscure aura of the Wordless Stone Scripture from these jade slips. This meant that… the escaped words were among these jade slips.

"This…" The captain was a little confused.

He knew of the Star Emperor Sect, so he understood the difficulty and meaning of emptying a branch sect's Scripture Transmission Pavilion to lend to others. This kind of thing could only be done with the approval of the branch sect's sect leader or with the permission from the main sect.

The person who approved it had to have an extremely high status.

At that moment, looking at the storage bag, the captain was a little at a loss. He thought of how hard it had been for him previously and how he had paid a huge price. It would still take a month for him to complete it. However, with Xu Qing… it was just a sentence.

This feeling caused him to lose all the excitement of completing his wish in advance. Instead, he felt a little depressed. Hence, the gaze he used to look at Xu Qing also contained some hidden bitterness.

"Why didn't you mention it before…"

"You just told me today." Xu Qing was expressionless.

The captain became even more depressed.

"Who is that person?"

"He should be an elder of the Star Emperor Supreme Sect," Xu Qing replied.

"Impossible. Even the elders of the main sect can't do this. This person's status must be above the elders!"

The captain was right.

"It's not important. It's fine as long as you get the item. Remember to send them back in seven days."

After Xu Qing finished speaking, he stood up and walked out. He was in a good mood.

In the secret chamber, the chief held the storage bag and looked at Xu Qing's back view. His soul churned and he didn't know what to say for a moment. After a long time, he lowered his head gloomily and searched for the words.

As for returning to the Star Emperor Branch Sect, it was completely meaningless.

"This can't go on. As Eldest Senior Brother, I've lost a lot of face…"

The captain's gaze was firm but he didn't know what to do.

"My head hurts. When it was about cultivation, I could undo the seals and regain the prestige of Eldest Senior Brother, but what do I do now…"

As the captain searched for words, he thought about it. In the end, he gritted his teeth fiercely.

"If it really comes to it, I'll have to use my identity from many lifetimes ago!"

Just like that, time flowed by and very soon, seven days passed.

In these seven days, as the matter of the Dao discussion ended, the investigation of the Divine Fusion School gradually began. Every day, some students from the Divine Fusion School would be taken away. All the various forces in the Imperial City were paying attention to the follow-up of this matter.

As for the Seventh Prince's death, because of his sins and the fact that he was slain by the Emperor Sword, there was no funeral. Instead, his imperial status was stripped and he wasn't enshrined in the imperial temple.

The historian only made a brief mention of the Seventh Prince's incident.

"In the winter of year 2936 of Mystic War Calendar, the Seventh Prince committed evil deeds and was slain by the Emperor Sword."

That was the end of it.

The incense that represented the Seventh Prince on the rainbow bridge also turned into dust. Now, there were no longer 12 sticks standing there but 11.

Xu Qing's name spread both inside and outside the Imperial City, and everyone learned of him.

At this moment, the Fifth Prince, who had left the Imperial City for many years and followed the First Heavenly King to guard the borders, sent news that he was returning to the Imperial City to report on his duties.

When this news spread, it attracted the discussion of many people in the Imperial City.

As this after the Seventh Prince's death, it caused people's imagination to run wild.

This was because the Seventh Prince and the Fifth Prince were from the same race.

A few more days passed. This morning, the bell rang…

Outside the eastern gate of the capital, on the ancient array formation, light shone. Under the resplendent sky, an army teleported back. From afar, banners were spread out. The army was imposing, causing the clouds in the sky to involuntarily churn.

In front of the army, there was a individual sitting on a mutated two-headed black dragon.

This individual wore black armor and his gaze were cold as he stared at the Imperial City.

His long hair fluttered in the wind and his entire body emitted a baleful aura that shook the surroundings. Clearly, he had slain a shocking amount of people in his life. All the soldiers behind him were silent.

"I'm back."

The black-armored man mumbled softly.































































The array formation was filled with the strong smell of blood, the residue of slaughter clinging to the bodies of these soldiers.

It settled on their armor, their skin, within their flesh, and their souls, gathering together and spreading in all directions, shaking the heavens and the earth.

The sky changed color, winds surged, and clouds billowed. At this moment, even the heavens were tinged with their presence, growing dimmer, with bolts of lightning and thunder suddenly appearing out of nowhere, slashing across the sky.

They overlapped with the bell chime and echoed in everyone's hearts.

In this army, the weakest cultivator was at the Nascent Soul realm, and they were elites of their realm. They had experienced countless battles while guarding the human race's border all year round.

Their lives were different from most of the cultivators in the Imperial City. Among them, many hadn't left the battlefield for decades.

Hence, the years of battle and their indifference to death caused their faces to look numb.

However, the more it was like this, the more astonishing the killing intent became. It had become instinctive. Even when they stood in front of the Imperial City, they couldn't suppress it.

It was as though… even the imperial authority held less importance in their hearts. The only thing that could cause waves in their hearts was… the wavering banners ahead of the army.

There were two flags, one golden, embroidered with the characters 'Guyue'.

The other was pitch-black, as if painted with blood, inscribed with the characters 'Zhen Yan'.

The title of the First Heavenly King of the human race was Zhen Yan.

Beneath the banners, the Fifth Prince, clad in black armor, remained calm as he gazed towards the Imperial Capital. He had been away from here for seventeen years.



"The scenery remains, but the people have changed."

The Fifth Prince murmured softly to himself as the ninth toll of the bell sounded. Then, slowly, the eastern gate of the capital opened, and officials from the Lower Mystic Five Palaces emerged, most of them coming out to greet and bow to the Fifth Prince.

"Welcome, Fifth Prince!"

Furthermore, the Fourth Prince, dressed in a yellow robe embroidered with a four claws dragon, stepped forward.

By the decree of the Human Emperor, he was representing the imperial family in welcoming his fifth brother back to the capital. With a solemn expression on his face, he arrived 10,000 feet away from the Fifth Prince's army and spoke loudly.

"Guyue Qingji, listen to the decree."

As these words were spoken, the Fifth Prince, seated on the twin-headed black dragon, shifted his gaze away from the Imperial Capital and onto the Fourth Prince. With a slight movement, he dismounted from his steed and knelt down on one knee.

The army behind him knelt down in unison.

The Fourth Prince nodded slightly and raised his right hand, waving it to produce an imperial edict.

"The Fifth Prince, Qingji, has contributed to guarding the borders, possesses martial prowess and virtue, and embodies the Mystic lineage. a taboo and contributed to guarding the borders. He serves the country and the military with utmost respect, is filial to his parents, affectionate to his siblings, and commanding to his subordinates. He greatly resembles me."

"The Fifth Prince is granted the reward of opening an office in the imperial mansion, and can further add 10,000 men. Thus decreed."

The moment the decree was finished reciting, the Fifth Prince stood up. Behind him, the soldiers also stood up and stood silently.

"Congratulations, Fifth Brother." The Fourth Prince's face was no longer solemn but revealed a warm smile.

"Father is waiting for you. Why don't you go and express your gratitude?"

The Fifth Prince was expressionless and didn't respond at all as he walked forward. When he passed by the Fourth Prince, he didn't even glance at him as he entered the eastern gate and stepped onto the rainbow bridge.

As for the soldiers behind him, they set up camp on the array formation.

This scene caused the Fourth Prince to frown slightly. However, a smile soon appeared on his face again. He simply smiled and followed behind the Fifth Prince, heading toward the palace.

All the personal guards on the rainbow bridge lowered their heads slightly to show their respect when they saw the Fifth Prince.

Under the rainbow bridge, a large number of commoners from the Imperial City had gathered. All of them looked at the Fifth Prince walking on the bridge, and it was unclear who was the first to cheer. Soon, the cheers became numerous and loud, echoing in all directions.

Those who didn't know better would think that the army had returned victorious or that the eldest prince had appeared. The sentiment of the people was quite evident.

The Fifth Prince stopped in his tracks and looked at the crowd. After a few breaths of silence, he bowed to the commoners before continuing.

After walking all the way to the rainbow bridge and standing in front of the main gate of the palace, the Fifth Prince looked at the eleven huge incense sticks standing there, especially at the area in the center where one stick of incense was missing.

 A hint of sadness appeared on his face.

"All of us were surprised by Old Seventh's death. At that time, he requested to prove himself with the Immortal Inquisition Bell, but…"

A gentle voice rang out from behind the Fifth Prince, its tone filled with regret.

It was the Fourth Prince. He shook his head and walked over, standing side by side with the Fifth Prince.

The Fifth Prince fell silent. His gaze moved away from the absent incense stick, towards the inner gate and the vast palace at the end of the square, atop the steps.

"Go in. Father, along with all the ministers, the Heavenly Marquises, the Heavenly Kings, and the Region Lord, are all inside."

The Fourth Prince said softly.

"Put away your thoughts," the Fifth Prince spoke calmly.

This was the first time he had spoken to the Fourth Prince since he returned to the capital.

"Old Seventh's death is my business. I don't need you to fan the flames."

"As for arranging for the commoners to cheer, it's even more childish."

"I'm not returning victorious, and the Emperor is in his prime. I won't easily harbor suspicions as well. Whether it's you or others, these petty tricks are beneath your status."

After the Fifth Prince finished speaking, he lifted his head and strode toward the palace.

At that moment, in the main hall of the palace, the Human Emperor was sitting upright. The 13 Heavenly Kings were also present and sat below him. All the Heavenly Marquises in the Imperial City attended as well.

Below, the Grand Chancellor and the officials of the Upper Mystic Five Palaces were arranged in an orderly manner, each of them solemn.

Xu Qing was also in the main hall. He sat in his seat with no expression on his face as his gaze landed on the main gate.

He had received the imperial edict last night. During the court meeting this morning, he had known about the Fifth Prince's return. Through Ning Yan, he had a better understanding of the relationship between the Fifth Prince and the Seventh Prince.

'Siblings.'

To a certain extent, such a relationship surpassed everything in the imperial family. In fact, at certain times, the affection between siblings even outweighed the bond between parents and children.

'The Fifth Prince became the disciple of the First Heavenly King and is the only disciple of the First Heavenly King who is still alive. He follows the Heavenly King to guard the border all year round. To the human race, he is the one who has made the most contributions among all the princes.'

'Among the princes, his combat strength is only inferior to the eldest prince, who has half of the Flame Moon Bloodline. He's also courageous and good at fighting…'

Some of this information came from Princess Anhai and some from Ning Yan. While Xu Qing was thinking, applause rang out from outside. This sound entered and landed in the ears of everyone in the hall.

However, no one's expression changed at all, as though they didn't hear it.

'Looks like he doesn't get along with the other princes.'

Xu Qing's eyes were serene as he looked over.

Not long later, a figure entered his vision and was also reflected in the gazes of everyone in the hall.

His tall and straight figure, handsome face, and black armor made him look extraordinarily heroic. In particular, the fluctuations of his cultivation were even more shocking.

That was the intent of the third stage of Nihility.

There were still faintly discernible threads of rules and laws in his surroundings, affecting the surroundings and transforming into the sound of wind and lightning. It was none other than the Fifth Prince.

Under the gazes of everyone, he walked past the ministers step by step and appeared in front of the steps. He knelt down and spoke in a deep voice to the Human Emperor.

"Greetings, Father."

The Human Emperor acknowledged slightly.

"You've worked hard."

The Fifth Prince stood up and his gaze landed on all the Heavenly Kings before looking at the Heavenly Marquises. He only swept his gaze past Xu Qing and didn't reveal any emotions. He continued to bow toward the Human Emperor.

"Father, in the past 17 years, the Flame Moon Border has been more or less stable."

"During this period, a total of 97 small-scale battles occurred. Flame Moon's members didn't appear and the ones who caused trouble were all their affiliated races."

"Under the protection of King Zhen Yan, it was all resolved properly."

"The Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race is currently busy with the Grand Hunt, so they are rarely preying on other races."

"As for the affiliated races that attacked, it was mainly for training their troops and probing. There's no major problem."

"In terms of casualties, over 379,000 of our people have died in battle over 17 years. The name list is here."

As the Fifth Prince spoke, he took out a jade slip and handed it to the personal guard, who then handed it to the Human Emperor.

"Compared to the past, regardless of the number of invasions or sacrifices, they have decreased by more than half. This is enough to show that the Sun of Dawn that Father has planned for many years has formed a certain level of deterrence."

As soon as these words were spoken, the faces of the surrounding ministers unveiled smiles.

"However… there's also bad news."

The Fifth Prince spoke in a deep voice.

"One of the bad news is that the Flame Moon's subsidiary races' overall combat strength has increased somehow. Moreover, it's not the increase of one race's combat strength, all of them are becoming stronger at an unbelievable speed."

"If we look at it in the long term, it will be very disadvantageous to our race. There is something fishy about this. We need the Special Command Palace to investigate it."

"The second bad news is that after every Grand Hunt, Flame Moon will choose a subsidiary race to increase its status. I'm afraid that there will be a subsidiary race who will start a war to attract attention."

"I returned this time to ask Father to increase our military strength. Among the three strongest affiliated races of the Flame Moon, the Si'e Race seems to be showing signs of unrest, aiming to gain attention from the Flame moon by provoking conflicts with our human race."

"Thirdly, the anomalous substances in the Flame Moon Region have increased by three times compared to the previous year. After King Zhen Yan paid attention to them, he said that it's suspected that… the Flame Moon is planning to welcome a fourth god!"

As soon as he finished speaking, the hall fell silent. The ministers' hearts were in turmoil. The news about the border was usually top secret and not many people knew about it.

To most people, they only had a rough understanding of the situation. This was the first time they had heard all the details.

Just as this group of ministers was pondering, the Fifth Prince finished his report and bowed to the Human Emperor again.

According to the normal process, he should have returned to his seat. However, after bowing, the Fifth Prince didn't leave. Instead, he spoke softly.

"Father, Old Seventh committed evil and was killed by the Emperor Sword. Because he made a mistake, his death is deserved!"

"However, I'm his biological brother!"

"If I remain silent, I'll be letting down my conscience. Us humans emphasize on bloodline inheritance and kinship. That's how we can remain united."

"In your imperial decree, Father, it said that I'm very close to my brothers. If I ignore kinship, I won't have any relatives. It doesn't match my philosophy."

"Therefore, Father, I wish to request to fight against Region Lord Xu. Regardless of victory or defeat, my conscience will be cleared!"

After saying that, the Fifth Prince's gaze swept over and landed on Xu Qing.

A cold glint appeared in his eyes.

"Region Lord Xu, please!"































































The hall fell silent.

No one spoke. Only the Fifth Prince's lingering voice echoed.

The Fifth Prince's action did not arouse resentment, as he directly expressed himself and didn't conceal dark schemes while appearing calm. Instead, he requested a battle in a straightforward and honorable manner.

His words were reasonable, and he also acknowledged the Seventh Prince's mistake and death.

Indeed, as he said, being the elder brother of the Seventh Prince, if he remained indifferent to the news of his brother's death, there would undoubtedly be inner turmoil.

Especially considering that the bonds of family formed the foundation of unity, it made it even harder for anyone to say much more on the matter.

Hence, even the Human Emperor chose not to speak. Clearly, the right to choose was given to Xu Qing.

Xu Qing looked at the Fifth Prince.

The Fifth Prince's eyes were bright. The moment his gaze met Xu Qing's, black flames rose in his eyes, revealing an ominous and deathly intent, as though they were about to erupt.

However, he clearly restrained himself and stared at Xu Qing.

"This battle has nothing to do with our identities. I'm just an elder brother acting for my younger brother!"

"When he was young, every time he was bullied by the other princes, I would be the one to resolve it for him."

"Xu Qing, my brother was in the wrong. He deserves death."

"And you killed him, so I'll fight you!"



After he finished speaking, the battle intent on his body became increasingly obvious as he waited for Xu Qing's answer.

Time passed by, and Xu Qing's heart stirred a little. He thought of some scenes when he was young. Not long ago, he also thought that he had such an elder brother…

Hence, he closed his eyes and calmly spoke.

"Okay."

Almost at the instant Xu Qing's words rang out, the battle intent in the Fifth Prince's eyes couldn't be suppressed anymore. It erupted explosively and a black sea of fire spread in all directions.

The entire palace also changed at this moment. It was as though the scene had shifted. The palace… was no longer there.

Only Xu Qing, who was sitting there, and the Fifth Prince, who was standing below, were left.

It was as though the place they were at had been independently opened up and could be infinitely vast.

This caused the Fifth Prince's black flames to instantly spread extremely far away, surrounding this place and forming an endless sea of black flames.

The temperature rose and the flames continued to rise. The Fifth Prince's figure also grew taller. The aura of his entire body erupted and the power of his cultivation was displayed to the extreme as he walked toward Xu Qing.

The black armor on his body also burned at this moment. He was like a fire giant with an imposing aura.

Every step he took caused this space to rumble and tremble. In the end, he became faster and faster, transforming into a flaming meteor that rushed toward Xu Qing.

The instant he got close, soul threads flew out of Xu Qing's body and weaved outside his body. In the blink of an eye, they formed the third layer of the god form. His bones were crystal and soul threads were the flesh. His blood-colored cloak fluttered and a Purple Moon rose.

The anomalous substances spread out and the surroundings became blurry as the presence of the god became obvious. The god form became a separate existence and left Xu Qing. With a step in front of Xu Qing, it collided with the Fifth Prince who was rushing over.

An earth-shattering boom rang out.

The Fifth Prince, who was like a fire giant, was forced back.

Xu Qing's god form was similarly forced back as well.

The Seventh Prince's cultivation was at the third stage of Nihility!

Xu Qing's third god form also had the same combat strength, so the two of them ended up in a draw after a simple collision.

When he retreated 1000 feet away, the Fifth Prince stopped and abruptly lifted his head. He performed a series of hand seals with both hands and half of his long hair instantly turned gray. Its black color fell off and turned into fog in front of him.

As it continued to rotate, it formed a black oil lantern with flames burning on it.

 This fire was golden!

This lantern had an ancient appearance and carried the intent of the underworld. Clearly, it wasn't used by living people but was an item consecrated for the dead. The oil on it was very turbid and emitted an ancient aura, giving off the feeling of a god.

That was the lantern oil refined from a god's corpse!

Holding the lantern, the Fifth Prince took a deep breath and blew at the wick. In an instant, the fire of the oil lantern skyrocketed and the flames inside spread out rapidly. As it continued to sway, it stirred up the sea of fire that spread in this space.

The sea of fire gathered and surged toward the lantern.

In the end, it formed a flaming figure.

This figure's form was ever-changing. Sometimes, it was human, sometimes it was a beast, sometimes it was a bizarre entity, sometimes it was blurry. It didn't have a specific form but the aura it emitted was shocking.

It also had an aura of a god. It was as though under the Fifth Prince's divine art, the corpse oil had transformed into the sense from its former life. After it appeared, it headed straight for Xu Qing's god form.

However, the instant this illusory figure got close, Xu Qing's god form swayed and instantly expanded. Soul threads danced, forming the first god form and the second god form and fusing them into one.

As His aura soared, He lifted His right hand and pointed at the approaching illusory figure.

They instantly collided. After each of them blurred, Xu Qing's god form recovered, while the illusory figure dissipated.

The oil lantern in the Fifth Prince's hand emitted cracking sounds as seven to eight cracks appeared. Blood flowed out of the Fifth Prince's mouth, but the battle intent in his eyes grew even stronger.

He rapidly retreated and used both hands to press the cracked oil lantern fiercely onto the ground.

"Rise, altar of the Flame Offering, ascend the sacred ground, seal the divine thoughts, suppress the heart of the heavens!"

As his voice echoed and the broken oil lantern touched the ground, it shattered into pieces. All the oil inside spread out and the sea of fire in the entire space was infinitely enhanced.

Booming sounds echoed as the flames went crazy and its form changed. In the blink of an eye, it transformed into surging magma that kept rising.

In the magma, there was a white altar that was slowly rising.

There was an item enshrined on the altar.

It was a black funerary urn!

On top of it, there were some decaying seals. While there was an incredibly strong sense of eeriness, there was also a thick, ominous aura spreading from it.

A violent and cruel resentment emanated from within the urn, targeting Xu Qing's god form.

As for the rapidly rising magma, it seemed to want to fill this space.

Xu Qing had never seen such a divine art before. The feeling it gave him was that it was like a spell or something formed by fusing magic treasures.

"King Zhen Yan's Dao?"

Just as Xu Qing was in deep thought, with a thought, the god form he formed outside instantly rushed into the sky. He stared at the altar below and lifted His right hand.

Immediately, the sky churned and the sky in this space became blurry. Three huge inverted mountains appeared.

One mountain was formed of molten rocks, the second was formed of ice, and the third was formed of blood.

As soon as the three mountains appeared, the magma below seemed to be swept away by a violent wind, causing waves to appear.

It was the Withering Flame Demon Magic True Self Dao that Xu Qing had learned from the little butterfly!

As the god form lowered His right hand, the three mountains instantly descended from the sky. They carried a terrifying pressure and a vast aura as they smashed into the magma.

A cold glint flashed in the Fifth Prince's eyes as he rushed out. As he waved his hands, his aura spread out and swept up the magma, ready to confront the mountains.

However, before he could get close, Xu Qing's god form performed a series of hand seals and pointed. Traces like spiderwebs appeared on the three mountain peaks and they actually collapsed on their own, shattering into pieces.

A large number of shattered rocks shot toward the sea of magma like countless meteors.

Even though the Fifth Prince was ready, he had underestimated Xu Qing's god form. The god form performed a series of hand seals and three more inverted mountain peaks appeared in the sky.

After that, there were three more.

All of them smashed down and collapsed on their own, turning into even more fragments.

After that, there were three more.

This technique was used by Xu Qing's god form a total of ten times!

They landed instantly.

No matter how the Fifth Prince tried to stop them, he was still unable to destroy them all.

Soon, the magma exploded and the flames dimmed. As for the countless rubble, they continued to smash down, pressing down on the Fifth Prince's body.

Finally, the entire sea of magma and the altar inside were almost filled up.

However, it looked uneven, and there were echoes of the Fifth Prince's low growls reverberating inside. Many areas were also churning, as if they could burst open at any moment.

But Xu Qing's god form came crashing down at this moment, directly landing on the rocky ground. He slammed His hand fiercely onto the ground before dispersing, turning into countless soul threads that spread across the earth.

Wherever it passed, the bumps would dissipate. Finally, what appeared was… a flat ground.

The soul threads shaped a large number of sealing runes that were flickering.

However, all of this was a little too simple in Xu Qing's perception. The power of the urn didn't seem to be revealed.

At this moment.

"Xu Qing, you were negligent."

The Fifth Prince's voice calmly echoed.

The moment the voice sounded, the sealed ground trembled, and over a hundred areas collapsed. Chains of bone, formed from the ashes, emerged from within the earth.

Most of them entwined around the ground, suppressing the soul threads that were spreading, preventing them from leaving.

The remaining chains rushed straight towards Xu Qing's sitting body in the distance. Their speed was incredible, arriving instantly. Instead of entwining around him, they swiftly spun around him, forming a vortex.

"Xu Qing, as a Region Lord, your significance to the human race isn't small. Hence, I won't kill you."

"However… I'll extract your divine soul and take a soul out of your three souls and seven spirits, burning them in my Corpse God Oil Lantern. You can come and take it whenever you think you can defeat me!"

As the voice of the Fifth Prince echoed, his figure emerged in mid-air, not as one, but as eight figures. Each of them, upon appearing, reached out and grabbed a midsection of the bone chains connecting Xu Qing to the soul threads.

They exerted strength and pulled.

A mysterious power suddenly emanated from these bone chains. In an inexplicable manner, it appeared to harness the power of Xu Qing's soul threads at one end, transforming it into traction to draw out Xu Qing's divine soul.

As for the Fifth Prince's role, it was to balance and control.

In an instant, overlapping shadows appeared on Xu Qing's body. His soul was revealed, and stared similar to it was about to leave his body.

However… his expression was calm. He opened his eyes and stared at the Fifth Prince.

"Not a bad spell."

"Since you want to extract my soul, let me try something as well."

As Xu Qing spoke, he slowly raised his right hand in the bone chain vortex and pushed down slightly on this space as he spat out softly.

"This realm of heaven and earth can be likened to a well…"































































Xu Qing's voice, like it was separated by years, and as if it spread underwater, reverberated within this space.

Every word contained Dao intent. After it was combined, it seemed to have become a drop of water that had activated a mysterious Dao Art and landed on the surface of the water.

It turned into a clear sound.

Dong…

As this sound spread, ripples appeared in this space and spread in all directions.

Unknowingly, this place… became the surface of the water.

As for the Fifth Prince, all eight of his figures trembled. A hint of shock appeared on his face and his heart churned to the extreme.

He had never seen such divine art!

Hence, he had never had such a feeling. However, he could sense the aura that appeared in this space at this moment. It was so vast that it even gave him the feeling of a Dao source.

What made his heart rumble the most was that he had already sensed that he had lost all mobility at this instant. His body couldn't move at all, and his cultivation seemed to have frozen. His spells and everything he had were frozen.

The shock on his face seemed to have become eternal.

Only his thoughts could still move but it was useless. After that, as Xu Qing's voice rang out again, an even more shocking scene appeared.

"In the well lies all things, encompassing every divine skill, every magical treasure, every form imaginable… including the real you."

As his voice echoed, the number of ripples on the surface of the water increased. In the Fifth Prince's eyes, he saw his figure appearing in the water under his feet…



Not only was there his figure, but there were also all his magic treasures. There were even flames burning inside. Those were his spells.

Not only that, but there were also many spells, including the ones he had cultivated all his life.

There was even his Heavenly Dao and all the laws he comprehended. Even the altar and urn were revealed.

All his secrets, everything, regardless of whether it was illusory arts or real things, appeared on the surface of the water.

This scene completely shook the Fifth Prince. He instantly determined that… once his figure in the water was injured, it would affect his main body.

This premonition made him attempt to struggle. However, at this moment, all his actions were useless.

His reflection in the water became clearer and clearer.

This battle seemed to be in a separate space but in reality, it was happening in the palace. However, under the interference of the palace's array formation, it was isolated.

Hence, everyone in the palace could sense the battle.

They saw the Fifth Prince's strange corpse fire, the strangeness of the chains formed by the urn, and the scene of the Fifth Prince trying to extract Xu Qing's soul.

Similarly, they also saw Xu Qing's attack.

During the Dao discussion back then, although Xu Qing also made a move, he only displayed his god form. However, today, his god form used a spell, causing waves in the onlookers' hearts.

The descent of the three mountains was just one of the waves.

After all, many people had sensed Xu Qing and the little butterfly's battle that day.

What really caused them to be shocked was the appearance of this technique Xu Qing used now.

No one had seen this technique before!

The 13 Heavenly Kings were also moved. The Human Emperor leaned forward slightly and a strange glint appeared in his eyes.

Under everyone's attention, Xu Qing's voice calmly echoed in the space.

"He is you."

The moment these words rang out, the Fifth Prince's mind buzzed and the world in front of him instantly became blurry. It was as though there was water flowing, covering everything and turning blurry.

In this blurry state, the him he was looking at didn't move at all. There were no spells, laws, or magic treasures beside him like what he had seen earlier.

 This discovery caused his heart to tremble again. He immediately realized that… what he was looking at wasn't his body in the water.

It was his main body outside the water.

Unknowingly, his consciousness was no longer in his body outside the water surface but… had fused into the figure in the water.

He couldn't resist or stop it!

This realization caused endless thoughts to rise in the Fifth Prince's heart. He was unwilling but he had no way to resolve it. He wanted to struggle but it was meaningless.

This lasted until he saw a hand.

Xu Qing lifted his hand and gently scooped it toward the surface of the water.

This simple action contained endless Dao Arts. Moreover, his technique that didn't emit any aura also gave off a relaxed feeling.

In reality, that was indeed the case.

It was extremely easy for Xu Qing to fish for other people's souls after he comprehended that he could fish out the moon in his mind.

In fact, during this period of time, he was also thinking about the other changes in the well.

To a certain extent, this Dao Art could fish out everything in the world. There was no need to limit it to the moon.

Moon was just a special pointer.

Hence, at that moment, he calmly lifted his hand and dipped it into the water, gently scooping up the Fifth Prince who was in the water. As water droplets scattered down, the Fifth Prince's soul appeared in Xu Qing's palm.

He retracted it slightly.

This space rumbled and instantly collapsed. Even the bone chains that sealed Xu Qing's soul threads lost control and shattered into pieces.

It was the same for the spinning chains around Xu Qing.

Including the figures of the other seven Fifth Princes in the air, they all dissipated with this space.

As everything shifted, the palace was reflected in Xu Qing's eyes.

The Fifth Prince stood rooted to the ground. His face was pale and his eyes were listless, not moving at all.

He had lost his spirit and only his body existed at this moment. He had become a soulless living corpse.

As for Xu Qing, he had been sitting on his seat the entire time. His expression didn't change much and he was looking at his palm with his head lowered.

He wasn't the only one watching. In the main hall, the gazes of everyone gathered here in unison.

In his palm was the Fifth Prince's soul.

"As a prince, you have contributed a lot to the human race by guarding the borders. So, I won't make it difficult for you."

Xu Qing calmly spoke.

"I'll only take one of your spells. You can come and take it whenever you think you can defeat me!"

As he spoke, Xu Qing waved his right hand. Immediately, the Fifth Prince's soul in his palm split into several wisps that headed straight for the Fifth Prince below. In the end, there was only the funerary urn left. After Xu Qing held it in his palm, he kept it.

As for the Fifth Prince, his entire body trembled and a hint of confusion appeared in his eyes. He quickly recovered and looked at Xu Qing with a complicated expression. After a moment of silence, he bowed and took a few steps back, returning to his seat and closing his eyes.

The hall was silent. The thoughts in everyone's hearts formed waves that echoed in their sea of consciousness.

Today's events added a touch of mystery to the evaluation of Xu Qing by these human elites. The scene of turning the heavens and earth into a water surface and retrieving souls gave people an inexplicable feeling.

"Unless one's cultivation level surpasses Xu Qing by a lot or they have special treasures…"

"This divine ability has a profound Dao aura and an ancient feeling. This shouldn't be a modern technique."

"With the vastness of this divine power, if it has appeared in the past, it's impossible for there to be no traces left…"

Everyone in the hall fell into deep thought. Some thought of the Summer Immortal Palace.

"Does this Dao Art have a name?" Among the Heavenly Kings participating in the court meeting, a female Heavenly King who wore a Daoist robe and had a blurry appearance suddenly spoke.

As she spoke, everyone's gaze landed on Xu Qing.

"Fishing the Moon From the Well."

Xu Qing calmly replied.

"Good name."

The female Heavenly King nodded slightly and stopped asking.

As for this court meeting, it was already coming to an end.

Hence, the Grand Chancellor glanced at the sky outside and spoke to the ministers in the hall.

"Everyone, if you have something to report, please do so; if not, we shall end the meeting."

Everyone lowered their heads.

The Grand Chancellor swept his gaze across and looked at the Human Emperor, waiting for a while.

"Then…"

The Grand Chancellor nodded and was about to announce the end of today's court meeting. However, at this moment, in the sky outside the Imperial City, a bloody light shook the heavens and the earth.

First, people saw it. After that, there was a sharp whistling sound.

This sound was extremely loud and clear. When it landed in the ears of all living beings in the Imperial City, it formed an explosive momentum. Even the ground of the Imperial City trembled.

It rushed toward the palace from the horizon. Its speed was so fast that it was as though it had teleported. Its momentum was earth-shattering, as though all array formations and obstacles couldn't affect it at all.

In fact, not only did the imperial city's array allow it to pass, but it also enhanced it, causing its speed to be faster.

In fact, within this blood light, there was even the aura of the Sun of Dawn. It gave off a feeling that one couldn't resist or stop it. If one forcefully glimpsed it, they would definitely collapse and both sides would be reduced to ashes.

Its appearance was sensed by the officials in the palace immediately. The Human Emperor suddenly lifted his head and his expression changed drastically.

Because among the human race, there existed a supreme means of communication, which utilized the blood-red enigmatic bird as a carrier. It could transmit information in the utmost secrecy across any distance within the human territories, ensuring that the message reached its destination immediately.

At that moment, the blood light that appeared on the horizon was precisely this message.

All the Heavenly Kings' auras surged instantly, and the expressions of all the Heavenly Marquises changed drastically. Other officials adjusted themselves and turned their heads simultaneously, looking towards the palace gates. As the blood light pierced into the palace with a sharp and urgent sound, it transformed into a blood-red enigmatic bird, landing in the hands of the Human Emperor.

With a flash of blood radiance, it turned into a blood-colored jade slip.

The Human Emperor stared. After sensing it, his expression slowly darkened and an oppressive atmosphere disseminated through the entire palace. Everyone's hearts trembled.

At the same time, more blood-red enigmatic birds appeared in the sky and flew over one after another.

A total of nine of them rushed into the palace and transformed into the same jade slips around the Human Emperor. One of them landed in the Grand Chancellor's hand with a flick of the Human Emperor's finger.

The Grand Chancellor grabbed it. After sensing it, his eyes instantly shone with a sharp light. He held it tightly and a hoarse voice emanated from his mouth.

"The Si'e Race, one of the three affiliated races of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven, has mobilized an army of ten million and invaded our northwest border, initiating warfare!"

"At the same time, another subsidiary race of the Flame Moon, Baize Race, has mobilized its entire race's strength and teleported to the battlefield in the Black Heaven Race to reinforce Black Heaven. The commander of the war in Black Heaven, King Dong Ding, has been severely injured."

"Our side is in danger on the Black Heaven Battlefield, and our northwest border is facing a crisis as well."































































As soon as the Grand Chancellor spoke, the entire palace hall instantly fell silent. At the next instant, a solemn aura suddenly rose and streams of aura erupted from the ministers.

The 13 Heavenly Kings stood up, as did the Heavenly Marquises below them.

The northwest border held immense significance for the human race, as it bordered the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race. Facing such a powerful race, even a small spark could start a prairie fire.

As one of the three major subsidiary races of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven, it was impossible for Si'e Race's actions not to have the permission of the higher-ups of the Flame Moon Race.

Hence, if this matter wasn't handled properly, the human race would face a huge calamity.

Furthermore… on the Black Sky Battlefield, the human army was originally singing triumphantly all the way, but now, with the addition of the Baize Race, they were clearly pinned down.

The human army was being held back there, making it difficult to advance or retreat.

As such, the current situation was extremely unfavorable for the human race, leaving them in a passive position.

All the human subjects in the hall, from the Heavenly Kings to the lower officials, looked at each other. Due to the diverse factions and numerous families within the human race, there was actually quite a bit of hidden infighting among them.

However… at this moment, as those officials looked into each other's eyes, they saw the determination reflected in them. There was no need for explicit words. Those who were present in the hall had the necessary breadth of vision.

All disputes over interests were set aside for the moment. All political opponents with differing ideologies were put on hold.

All personal grievances were also set aside.

Because the crisis at the border and on the Black Heaven Race Battlefield was greater than anything else, everyone understood that they had to come together at any cost.

Individual and familiar interests were not important right now.



If the human race was gone, what use would all those interests be?

Seeking refuge with the nonhuman race was something that the people in the court couldn't accept.

So, one after another, voices offering to fight erupted within the court.

"Your Majesty, I'm willing to head to the northwest border to help King Zhen Yan!"

"Your Majesty, I have 80,000 sacrificial soldiers in my family. I'm willing to personally lead them to the Black Heaven Race and fight for our human race!"

"Your Majesty, marching consumes a great deal of resources. We are willing to contribute our assets, everything… with the priority being on war!"

"The Lower Mystic Five Palaces will do their best to maintain the operation of the war."

"Although I don't like King Dong Ding and have many conflicts with him, I am willing to head to the Black Heaven Race and be his adjutant!"

The sounds of requests for battle and funding echoed in the hall.

When Xu Qing heard these words, waves rose in his heart and they grew larger and larger. This was because he could tell that these people's words weren't fake.

They really thought so and wanted to do the same.

This matter had exceeded Xu Qing's expectations. He originally thought that the imperial city was in chaos. Although the Human Emperor ruled over everything, the various factions were constantly fighting among themselves. It was a mess.

Hence, the scene in front of him moved him deeply.

'Is this the other side of the human race?'

Xu Qing mumbled inwardly.

'When there is no external crisis, everyone is competing for their own interests, seemingly harboring ulterior motives and hypocritically concealing their selfishness. But once an external crisis arises…'

'Everyone, every faction, can instantly set aside everything and come together as one…'

Xu Qing was moved.

However, these were just words. He didn't know if they would really act the same way. However, his senses told him that there was a high chance that they would do it.

Not only did the officials speak, but the princes in the crowd also stepped out one after another.

The Fifth Prince strode to the front of the hall and bowed to the Human Emperor.

 "Father, please allow me to return to the northwest border immediately!"

"Father, I am willing to go to the Black Heaven Race, to share their fate, and to boost the morale of our human race with my identity as a prince!"

The Fourth Prince took a deep breath and bowed as well. At this moment, he truly felt the same way. As for the competition among the princes, although it still existed, it shifted direction with the onset of war.

It wasn't a contest of who was right or wrong, it was about… who had contributed!

The Third Prince, the Tenth Prince, as well as Princess Anhai and the other princes who were present, all spoke up one after another in the same manner.

Ning Yan, who was among them, also requested to fight.

"Your Majesty, I'm willing to head to the Black Heaven Race!"

The Human Emperor was not surprised by this scene; he naturally knew the state of the human race. This was also why he allowed internal strife and conflict—it was his way of ruling as a monarch.

He lifted his head and gazed in the direction of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race, his eyes gradually revealing a profound expression.

A light sigh echoed in his mind.

'It came a bit too soon.'

This light sigh could only be heard by the Human Emperor himself. To outsiders, he always maintained a relatively unchanged expression. At his position, his expressions were scrutinized by everyone, and any change would trigger countless interpretations.

And when a person reached a high position, it was like this. Sometimes, expressions and demeanor were also part of the way of ruling as a monarch.

"I heard what you all said."

"Upper Mystic Five Palaces, heed the command."

The Human Emperor calmly spoke.

In an instant, the cultivators of the Upper Mystic Five Palaces walked out and cupped their hands.

At the same time, at the headquarters of the Upper Mystic Five Palace, five vast figures stood out and bowed at the same time.

"The five palaces will cooperate with the Grand Chancellor to establish military strategies according to the structure of the war against the Black Heaven Race. Arrange for three types of plans to deal with this battle. Hand them over to the palace within a day."

"As you command!"

The five figures in the Imperial City and the Grand Chancellor in the palace spoke at the same time.

"Lower Mystic Five Palaces, heed the command."

The Human Emperor continued.

In an instant, the officials of the Lower Mystic Five Palaces stepped out. Their auras were majestic and extraordinary.

"You all must assist in all preparations and follow-ups regarding this battle without the slightest slackening."

"All the territories of the human race, from this moment onward… enter a state of war."

As his voice rang out, the world resonated. The Imperial Capital's array formation trembled, pulling the entire Grand Imperial Capital Region into action. One array formation after another was activated, and countless arrays merged together, forming a restriction that erupted in full force.

The court wasn't over, and no one left either. They were all waiting.

They were waiting for the Grand Chancellor and the Upper Mystic Five Palaces to make arrangements for the overall battle situation.

The workload was immense, requiring coordination, calculation, deduction, and consideration of numerous factors.

Time slowly passed. Twelve hours later, the arrangements for this war were divided into three plans for the starting phase, mid phase, and late phase. They were handed over to the Human Emperor.

After two hours of discussion, a plan was approved by the Human Emperor.

Xu Qing saw the entire process. Although he didn't speak, this was the first time he had experienced this.

As the plan was approved, a series of imperial decrees were immediately spread in all directions.

Firstly, regarding the war with the Black Heaven Race, the Human Emperor issued five imperial decrees.

"Decree One: Four Heavenly Kings will lead the army to support King Dong Ding. Their task is to reverse the human race's situation, where they are being restrained by the Black Heaven Race, and instead restrain the Baize Race.

Both sides must be in a stalemate, with neither able to seize the initiative.

The Third Prince will accompany the army.

Decree Two: Mobilize the forces of Fenghai County and the Holy Wave Large Region to join the battlefield, with Fenghai County as the leader, becoming the main force in this battle against the Black Heaven Race. Their task is to swiftly conquer the Black Heaven Region while the Baize Race is restrained.

Decree Three: Five Heavenly Kings and the Twelfth Prince, Ning Yan, will lead troops to reinforce Fenghai County, carrying three Suns of Dawn.

Decree Four: King Yuelan will coordinate with the Special Command Palace to establish a special army and secretly advance to the ancestral land of the Baize Race. Since their entire race is mobilized, their task is to completely destroy their ancestral land. The Sixth Imperial Prince will participate in this matter.

Decree Five: Xu Qing is ordered to go to the Moon Offering Region and request the Crown Prince and others to lend a hand at a critical juncture. This is one of the safeguards for this war."

The five imperial decrees enveloped the war with the Black Heaven Race from different directions. It looked simple but almost everything had been considered.

As for the Si'e Race's invasion of the northwest border, six imperial decrees were issued.

"Decree One: The Fifth Prince, with a mighty army of ten million, is to swiftly return to the border.

Decree Two: Each of the four Heavenly Kings will lead a separate army to the northwest border, cooperating with the forces of King Zhen Yan, ensuring the defense of the territory.

Decree Three: The Fourth Prince is granted permission to join the troops in the northwest, and the State Preceptor is requested to build a Star-Picking Tower in the northwest and guard it. As long as the State Preceptor remains, the border will not fall!

Decree Four: Seven defensive lines are to be formed outside the capital, with each line guarded by a prince or princess. All forces are to provide necessary assistance, serving as safeguards and remaining on standby at all times to prevent surprise attacks by other races.

Decree Five: The Eldest Prince is to immediately head to the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race to investigate the cause of the war and to exert all efforts to resolve the conflict. If unable to do so, the Eldest Prince is to delay as much as possible.

Decree Six: All the businesses of the Flame Moon within the mortal territories will be sealed until the war is concluded."

With the issuance of these 11 imperial decrees, the entire mortal tribe moved like a huge war magic artifact. The Upper Mystic Five Palaces erupted in full force, while the Lower Mystic Five Palaces provided full cooperation.

The various forces indeed followed what they had claimed in the palace and put down all their disputes, cooperating with each other.

What was different from the war with the Black Heaven was that this time… almost all the imperial children participated. They formed the core, pulling along all supporting factions accordingly.

So, soon enough, the teleportation arrays in the Imperial Capital kept activating, and according to the decrees, everyone was being teleported to their respective destinations. Ning Yan also bid farewell to Xu Qing; he would represent Xu Qing and embark on the journey back.

Xu Qing was also leaving.

However, before he left, Xu Qing gazed at the city that was filled with an atmosphere of war and finally arrived at the Mortal World Forgetful Tower.

This building had now been sealed off and was in a desolate state.

Standing outside the building, Xu Qing gazed into the distance and heard a soft laugh.

"Stinky brother, your mortal tribe is busy now. Did you come to beg me to help you?"

Xu Qing fell silent. He understood gods and it was also because he understood them that he was very clear that gods had no emotions.

In the eyes of the gods, all living beings were ants. They were just a flash in the painting of the other party's long life.

He shook his head.

The clay fox laughed.

"That makes me like you even more."

"Actually, it's useless even if you ask me. If this is your private matter, then I can still help you for your yang essence. However, this is a conflict between the two races and there's a huge karma. Unless you can provide a better trade… I can't help you."































































The sky over the capital resembled spilled ink, presenting a dull and monotonous color.

The setting sun gradually sank to the west, with the remaining light of dusk fading away, equally dim.

The only light cast upon the earth cloaked everything in a gray hue, as if the whole world were immersed in a sense of oppression.

The clouds in the sky seemed to merge with the atmosphere, becoming one with the heavens.

The pedestrians on the streets had hurried expressions. They didn't know the exact imperial decrees but when they saw the blood-red mysterious birds, they guessed that a calamity might descend.

And when they noticed the army starting to move, their guess was confirmed.

In this era, the human race was in sorrow.

Hence, the darkness became the dominant color of the human world, gradually enveloping everything in pitch blackness. Lightning streaked through the darkness, heralding an imminent downpour.

The wind no longer contained the coldness of midwinter, signaling the arrival of spring. Yet, when it touched the human skin, it felt even colder than winter.

Xu Qing also sensed it but he was already used to it.

Standing outside the Mortal World Forgetful Tower, he wasn't surprised when he heard the voice of the clay fox.

He understood the nature of gods more than ordinary people.

He had another motive for coming here this time.

"Crimson Goddess has died."

Xu Qing calmly spoke.

"Of course I know. Stinky brother, what are you trying to say?"

The clay fox chuckled and its voice carried a hint of temptation.



"But the Red Moon is still here."

As soon as Xu Qing spoke, a fluctuation spread out from the Mortal World Tower in front of him.

Xu Qing calmly continued.

"I can sense that the Red Moon is returning."

"I plundered the authority of the Crimson Goddess, so my senses can't be wrong. Not long later, the Red Moon will appear in the sky of the Wanggu Continent. At that time, the person standing on the Red Moon might be Li Zihua or someone else."

"No matter who it is… He will choose to be complete, and us, who have shared the flesh and blood of the Crimson Goddess, might be His direction."

"Just like seeds, growing up only to be harvested later."

Xu Qing's voice entered the building. A long time later, the clay fox chuckled.

"Stinky brother, your words are quite interesting but I don't see that future."

Xu Qing didn't argue that the god could see the future, and continued.

"Crimson Goddess is Li Zihua's younger sister. They became gods after birth, unlike the innate gods."

"Take the Fifth Prince for example. He knows it's right for me to kill the Seventh Prince for the greater good, yet as an elder brother, he still challenged me to a fight. I also have a big brother. He won't stop anyone from killing me, but after my death, I believe he will act to sever the karma for clarity."

The clay fox fell silent, as though It was pondering. A while later, there was less temptation in Its voice and more formality.

"An interesting deduction. Although the possibility isn't high, it sounds somewhat reasonable. So… what do you want from me?"

Xu Qing bowed.

"High God Star Flame, please give me the qualifications to participate in the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race's Grand Hunt."

"I'm indeed not wrong to be interested in you. Stinky brother, you're quite amusing at times. To think that you could think of such a way to break through the situation."

The clay fox laughed.

 "If you can obtain the title of Mystic Heaven General in the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race's Grand Hunt, you will have an honorary identity in the Flame Moon Race."

"And every Mystic Heaven General appearing in each Grand Hunt has an opportunity to request rewards from the three Great Priests."

"Are you trying to use this opportunity to ask the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race to stop the war with the human race? There's no such possibility."

The clay fox's voice carried a hint of teasing. To It, life was but a flower.

Xu Qing shook his head.

"If I succeed, I won't make this request."

"Then what's your request?"

The clay fox was a little curious.

"After I succeed, the High God will naturally know."

Xu Qing looked at the Mortal World Tower and spoke softly.

Laughter rang out from the building.

"You bad brother. Forget it, I can satisfy this request on account of your yang essence."

As It spoke, a pink light flew out of the building and headed straight for Xu Qing. It stopped in front of him and amidst the flowing light, it transformed into a pink token.

On the front was the figure of a fox, and on the back was mountains and rivers.

Xu Qing grabbed it and his gaze landed on it. At the same time, a lazy voice rang out from the Mortal World Tower.

"I can also tell you about the segments of the Grand Hunt in advance. You should know, this is me being partial toward you. Otherwise, I wouldn't bother to inform anyone else."

The temptation in the clay fox's voice grew even more intense.

Xu Qing took a deep breath. After cupping his hands, he listened attentively. He knew that this information would be very important.

Like he declared earlier, he indeed came for this qualification.

As for returning to the Moon Offering Region, Xu Qing didn't intend to make it the main focus. Given his relationship with the heir and the others, if he earnestly requested, there was a high chance that they would eventually intervene.

However, he needed to consider the wishes of the heir and the others. Hence, Xu Qing's plan was to think of a solution himself first. If it really couldn't be done, he would go to the Moon Offering.

In addition, there was another reason why Xu Qing chose to head to the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race.

That was to earn credit for Ning Yan.

Only when Ning Yan became the crown prince would he have a chance to enter the ancestral planet and obtain the purple lantern.

Xu Qing felt that just the battle merits from Ning Yan heading to the Black Heaven Race weren't enough.

If he added the merit from the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race as well, it would be extremely significant for Ning Yan.

As Xu Qing pondered, the sound of the clay fox drifted over.

"The Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race's Grand Hunt is divided into three segments. If you want to become a Mystic Heaven General, you have to be first in at least one segment. If you can be first in all three segments, then the person conferred the title will not be an ordinary Mystic Heaven General."

"They will be the Grand Mystic Heaven!"

There was also a hint of anticipation in the clay fox's tone.

"It's been many years since a Grand Mystic Heaven appeared."

"The first segment of the hunt is currently underway. It will last for half a year and it's already halfway through."

"The first segment is moving mountains."

"It's not an ordinary mountain but forbidden mountains."

Xu Qing's eyes narrowed.

"Forbidden mountain?"

"That's right. Regardless of whether it's within the Flame Moon Race's sphere of influence or outside it, any mountain in a forbidden zone will do."

The clay fox smiled.

"A forbidden mountain can be considered to have met the requirements but it's only the lowest requirement. If you want to become first, the forbidden mountain you need to move has to surpass everyone."

"During this segment, you have to carry the forbidden mountain to the Divine City on the Divine Mountain of the Flame Moon. Only by merging it with the mountain there will the task be considered completed."

"During this period… all participants can kill and plunder each other."

At this point, the clay fox paused slightly. Its simple sentences revealed a bloody intent.

Xu Qing nodded and the clay fox continued to speak.

"As for the second segment, it's even more interesting. It's called Taming."

"There are a number of divine creatures with varying strength in the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race. Your task is to tame one of them to become your Mystic Heaven Mount."

"The more powerful a divine beast is, the more difficult it will be to tame it. If you want to be first, the difficulty can be imagined. If you're not careful, you might become food."

"So, stinky brother, you better think carefully. Don't go dying before you give me the yang essence. And during the Grand Hunt, even I won't be able to intervene easily."

Upon hearing this, Xu Qing seemed pensive, finding the requirements of this stage somewhat peculiar.

"As for the third segment, it's simple but also the most important."

In the ancestral hall, the clay fox licked Its lips as a demonic glint appeared in Its eyes.

"That's hunting in the Divine Realm!"

"At that time, me and the two big sisters will act together and tear open an entrance to a Divine Realm."

"As for which Divine Realm it is, I can't tell you. However, I think… you should like it."

The clay fox chuckled.

"After a gap is opened in the Divine Realm, all participants will barge in. The number and strength of the creatures killed in the Divine Realm will be used as a standard of measurement."

"The more you kill, the higher the chance of victory. However, that's the Divine Realm… in every Grand Hunt, more than 80% of the participants have died."

"There are also some that will be attacked and transformed into divine flesh. These divine meats can feed my little darlings well. Occasionally, if there's something particularly delicious, I might take a bite too."

"This is a banquet prepared for the joy of the gods. If you participate, I'll watch this banquet more carefully."

"However, I don't really want to see others eating your flesh after you die, so… I might use my divine authority once to monopolize your flesh."

"Stinky brother, what do you think of this suggestion?"

The clay fox's sound was very gentle but the meaning behind Its words made one's hair stand on end.

Xu Qing didn't care and nodded.

"Sure."

Inside the shrine, the clay fox chuckled coquettishly, causing the altar to tremble with Its laughter. Dust fell from Its body, and the shrine shook with Its amusement. Its eyes gleamed brighter, and finally, It licked Its lips and spoke softly.

"This time, it's true. Stinky brother, I find… I'm starting to like you more and more."

Xu Qing glanced at the Mortal World Forgetful Tower. He had experienced similar words and feelings from Yanyan in the past. In fact, in comparison, this clay fox was still a little conservative.

Other than the strength of Her abilities, to a certain extent, there was a considerable gap between Her and Yanyan.

Hence, Xu Qing didn't say anything. After cupping his hands, he turned and left. Under the blackness of the sky, his figure gradually disappeared into the night, merging into one with the night.

After a long time, in the pitch-black and relatively quiet imperial city, in the ancestral hall of the sealed Mortal World Forgetful Tower, the clay fox on the altar lifted Its head slightly and looked into the distance.

"Back then, Second Sister fell in love with someone. I wonder what that feeling is like."































































The Grand Imperial Capital Region was vast and seemingly boundless.

Today was the fifth day of the war.

In the northwest border, the human race had built a great wall long ago, separating them from nonhuman races like a giant dragon.

This great wall stretched magnificently from west to north, lying diagonally across the land, its color dark and foreboding.

With the onset of war, all passages in and out were completely sealed. Unless one held a token from a Heavenly King, no one was allowed passage.

As for the territory outside the great wall, it was the territory of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race, but it wasn't the core territory of the Flame Moon Race itself. Instead, it consisted of several regions formed by its affiliated races. After passing through the seven regions, one would reach the core territory of the Flame Moon Race.

The Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race's territory was really too large.

"Flame Moon and its affiliated races have a total of 87 regions. Although the scope of each region couldn't compare to the human race's Grand Imperial Capital Region, it's still remarkable."

A lazy voice drifted into Xu Qing's ears.

At this moment, thousands of kilometers away from the northwest black city, in the sky, a giant boat pulled by seven dragons roared towards the border with the sound of dragon roars echoing.

There were hundreds of cultivators on the huge boat.

Every one of them was dressed neatly, had solemn expressions and extraordinary auras.



At the forefront stood a man who appeared to be middle-aged. He had a sturdy figure, much taller than the average human, with long jet-black hair tied up with golden ribbons, swaying in the wind

He wore a magnificent brocade robe embroidered with golden dragon patterns, with a white jade belt around his waist, highlighting his noble status.

His features were not delicate, slightly rugged, with thick eyebrows and large eyes, yet thin lips, exuding an invisible dignity. From afar, one might mistake him for the Emperor.

He was none other than the Eldest Prince.

He was also the person who looked the most similar to the Human Emperor in terms of appearance and temperament.

At this moment, he stood at the bow of the boat, gazing into the distance with a solemn expression. His body exuded dense vitality, like a blazing sun, dazzling everyone behind him.

This was the delegation led by the Eldest Prince to negotiate with the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race. Alongside the Eldest Prince's own retinue were officials from the Lower Mystic Five Palaces and corresponding guards.

As for the person who had spoken earlier, it wasn't the Eldest Prince but an ordinary-looking guard among the people on the huge boat.

This individual appeared solemn, brimming with vigilance, and exhibited an attitude of readiness to act faithfully and dutifully at any moment. His words were not spoken through his mouth but rather transmitted in his stomach…

Inside his stomach, amidst a crimson aura, Xu Qing sat cross-legged, his face filled with helplessness.

"Eldest Senior Brother, is there a need to go secretly?"

Xu Qing lifted his head and glanced at his surroundings.

A few nights ago, after he left the Mortal World Forgetful Tower, he sent a voice transmission to the captain and told him about his plan. After all, the captain was also going to the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race to do something major.

The captain had been able to resolve a major problem because of Xu Qing's effortless act, so when he heard Xu Qing's arrangements, he immediately rushed over quickly to head over with Xu Qing.

However, he had his own plan this time.

"Of course we have to go secretly. Let me tell you, Little Qing, my stomach space is extremely safe and hidden. Moreover, I only allowed you to hide in my stomach because I trust you."

The guard checked his surroundings vigilantly while transmitting his thoughts to his stomach.

"Little Qing, with your identity in the human race, although you won't cause much of a commotion if you go to the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race, you have to consider me. I'm different."

"I'm too famous in the Flame Moon. Everyone in the Flame Moon knows me. If I swagger over, I'm worried that we'll be received with extreme enthusiasm. You know that I like to keep a low profile."

Xu Qing nodded. He understood what the captain meant. If he revealed his identity in Flame Moon, he would be beaten to death by many people.

Presumably, in one of his lives, the captain should have done something that infuriated everyone in the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race.

This made Xu Qing think of the relationship between the captain and High God Moon Flame…

"Therefore, we have to enter quietly. What do you think of this identity? Don't worry, since I have a way to pass the inspection, I naturally have a way to pass the border defense array. In addition, with the protection of the prince's team, nothing will go wrong."

 The captain's voice was smug.

However, Xu Qing became even more vigilant.

Just like that, as the captain spoke, the huge boat the Eldest Prince was on slowly approached the long black city wall. Xu Qing couldn't see its exact appearance but in the captain's eyes, as they got closer, the grandeur of the great wall seemed like a barrier of the heavens.

'It seems to be a little taller than before.'

The captain muttered inwardly before continuing to look solemn.

Not long later, the power of the black city's array spread out and swept toward the giant boat. Even though it was the boat of the prince, in this wartime, it still had to undergo the necessary checks.

The Eldest Prince allowed the power of the array formation to sweep past him. Everyone was the same. As for the captain, he secretly bit down on a drop of blood hidden in his teeth.

The fluctuations of the array formation spread out. After about fifteen minutes, everything was shown to be normal.

The black city's array formation spread out a gap and isolated the left and right, causing this gap to become an independent existence. It was like a gate that led to the outside of the black city.

Even if there were no problems with the array formation's inspection, the Eldest Prince's imperial command didn't allow him to enter or stop at the border. Hence, he could only pass through here and couldn't stay.

There were also auras that locked onto the giant boat.

Under this auras, the seven golden dragons on the giant boat instinctively moved, dragging the boat into the crevice-like gap and heading towards the exit with all their might.

Ten breaths later, when the giant boat left the gap and arrived at the world outside the human race's borders, the pass gate opened by the array formation at the back instantly closed.

Throughout the entire process, no one spoke.

The Eldest Prince didn't even turn his head as he calmly spoke.

"Raise the human race's banner."

As soon as he finished speaking, a huge banner suddenly rose from the boat. It fluttered in the wind and emitted a terrifying might.

That banner depicted the portraits of the past Human Emperors of the human tribe since the Ancient Sovereign Mystic Nether.

Every one of them carried dignity.

The moment it appeared, the world darkened.

At the same time, the seven golden dragons in front of the huge boat let out dragon roars. Their speed instantly soared and they transformed into golden rainbows that disappeared into the horizon.

The journey to the Flame Moon Headquarters was very long and there were many large areas between them. Even though the golden dragons didn't need to sleep or rest and the cultivators on the boat could do without rest too, there were some areas where they had to stop and go through necessary clearance procedures.

If it was anyone else on a diplomatic mission, these processes wouldn't be easy. There could be difficulties or delays, but such things wouldn't happen to the Eldest Prince.

Although his identity wasn't valued highly in the human race, it was different in the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race.

With half of his bloodline originating from the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race, he would be revered by most of the subsidiary races of the Flame moon.

Hence, after leaving the human race's territory, the aura around the Eldest Prince conveyed a sense of freedom.

After several landings for clearance, the captain found opportunities to depart unnoticed. Eventually after passing through four regions, during a rest stop, the captain concealed his presence and quietly left.

As for any investigation that might have been triggered by his departure, the captain clearly didn't care. He stealthily traveled for several hours, then opened his mouth and instantly expelled Xu Qing's figure from within.

At the moment of landing, he resumed his normal appearance. When he turned around, the captain wore his usual proud expression and spoke arrogantly.

"How is it? Am I reliable this time?!"

"If it wasn't for the fact that I was worried that the Eldest Prince's group would be too conspicuous when they arrived at the Flame Moon Headquarters, I would have followed him all the way."

Xu Qing glanced at the captain and knew what the other party was waiting for. Hence, he gave him a look of admiration.

The captain was even happier and patted his chest.

"Little Qing, let's go. I'll bring you to the forbidden zone. You still don't know the segments of the Grand hunt, right? I know it too well."

"There are three segments. I'll tell you about them one by one later. I experienced these back then."

"I almost became a Mystic Heaven General before. Let's not talk about these trivial matters. Let me tell you, this first segment is related to the forbidden zone."

"As for the qualifications, it's also very simple. The words in the Wordless Stone Scripture can allow us to change our auras. When the time comes, we can just kill two people we don't as if and replace them."

"The reason why I chose this place is also because there's a special forbidden zone in this region that can meet the requirements of the first segment. Come, follow me."

The captain looked as if everything was in his grasp. After saying that, his body swayed and he sped away.

When Xu Qing saw this, he had a different impression of the captain's preparations this time around.

"This time, he's indeed much more reliable."

However, the long-term impression still made Xu Qing skeptical.

It was only after he followed the captain for a few days and saw a red forbidden zone from afar that Xu Qing truly felt that the captain was different this time.

"Do you see that mountain? That's our destination."

The captain licked his lips and a hint of madness appeared in his eyes, heading straight for the blood-red forbidden zone.

Xu Qing followed behind at an equally astonishing speed. The shadow even emitted excited emotions.

With Xu Qing and the captain's current combat strength, ordinary forbidden zones were no longer any obstacles or danger to them. Hence, after entering this forbidden zone, they moved straight towards the depths.

The entire forbidden zone trembled and all the mutated beasts were trembling. There was also a violent aura that formed a red fog that gathered from all directions, forming a sense of rejection, rushing toward Xu Qing and the captain in an attempt to chase them away.

However, as soon as it got close, a blue light flashed in the captain's eyes and the fog instantly froze.

It then sensed Xu Qing. The fog churned and it almost collapsed.

Finally, as though it sensed Xu Qing's shadow, this fog emitted a rumbling sound and instantly rolled back.

Little Shadow suddenly rushed out and chased after it excitedly as if a hunter.

The captain swept his gaze over and chuckled before continuing forward.

Xu Qing also ignored Little Shadow who was chasing after the fog. Little Shadow was the natural enemy of all existences in forbidden zones.

Just as if that, the two of them arrived at the foot of the blood-

red mountain in the forbidden zone after a while.

This mountain looked red from afar but was slightly dark from up close. The redness on it came from countless blood-red mosquitoes on its surface. These mosquitoes had a fierce appearance as they clung to the mountain, giving it its reddish hue.

The appearance of Xu Qing and the captain made these mosquitoes to shiver.

Xu Qing surveyed the surroundings and was about to move the mountain when the captain at the side did something Xu Qing didn't expect.

With a lift of his hand, the captain emitted a strange aura, which surprisingly stirred the mosquitoes, causing them to overcome their fear and unleash their instincts. A group of them buzzed loudly, heading straight for the captain.

Without flinching, the captain allowed the swarm of mosquitoes to cover his entire body, enduring the piercing of their proboscises and the swelling of his body. Then, he spoke to Xu Qing.

"Little Qing, back then, because my body wasn't sturdy enough, I suffered a loss in the first segment of the hunt. Later on, I thought of this method and borrowed the strangeness of these mosquitoes to increase the defense of my body for a short period of time!"

"The first segment of the hunt is called the Sky Collapsing. It tests one's body. Come, you should hurry up too. The more bites you endure, the less you will have to fear the Sky Collapsing."

The captain's voice turned a little weak.

Xu Qing was stunned. He looked at the captain who was rapidly swelling into a mountain of flesh and didn't understand what to say for a moment…































































"Little Qing, what are you waiting for? When we just entered the forbidden zone, I sensed the mark of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race. Someone should have designated it as a private property."

The captain endured the itchiness and swelling on his body and looked at Xu Qing.

"Hurry up. Let me tell you, Little Qing, this feeling is very comfortable. The more intense it is, the more perfect the effect of body enhancement."

"I suffered a loss in the first segment of the Flame Moon Hunt back then. Do you know why it's called the Sky Collapsing? It is because in the range of 50,000 kilometers of the Divine Mountain, the sky will collapse, suppressing everyone regardless of their cultivation base."

"This is one of the reasons. Also, in this round, there will be all kinds of indescribable intense pain from the inside out. In short, all kinds of pain will appear on your body, making it difficult for you to take a single step forward."

"At that time, I was too skinny and my body wasn't prepared. It was so painful that I almost fainted. However, I saw some powerful physiques and giant cultivators. They had a considerable advantage in this round."

"Therefore, later on, I began to think of a way. I finally found this forbidden zone back then. If you can resist the toxins of these mutated mosquitoes, they can strengthen your body for a short period of time."

"Moreover, it will gradually make people lose their sense of pain. It's very suitable for the first segment. It's a pity that I died tragically in that life and didn't have a chance."

"Believe me, Little Qing."

As the captain spoke, he circulated his cultivation base in all sorts of ways. In the end, the mosquitoes outside his body fell to the ground in batches and died. Clearly, they had been poisoned to death by him.

However, the captain was very persistent and wasn't satisfied with his current state. Hence, he attracted another large group of mosquitoes…

Seeing this, Xu Qing recalled the Grand Hunt segments that the clay fox had told him. Compared to the captain's words, Xu Qing felt that… the clay fox might be more reliable.

Xu Qing felt that the captain might have been too immersed in his experience back then and didn't know that the rules had been changed. After all, the human race was far away from the Flame Moon Headquarters and the information about the Grand Hunt wasn't easily available.



If he wanted to know in advance, unless he investigated the whole race, it would pose a certain difficulty.

Hence, Xu Qing was about to tell the captain about the information he had obtained from the clay fox. However, just as he was about to speak, the captain raised his hand and threw out a pill bottle to Xu Qing.

"Little Qing, don't say that Eldest Senior Brother doesn't love you. This is my love. If you open it, you'll be able to attract mosquitoes like me."

"And, the anomalous fragrance in this bottle is specially prepared for you. It attracts female mosquitoes for me and male mosquitoes for you, hehe."

The captain's entire body was swollen and he winked at Xu Qing, looking mischievous. However, his eyelids were also swollen. After winking, he couldn't open them anymore…

Xu Qing glanced at the pill bottle and then at the captain. He picked up the pill bottle and kept it well, swallowing the words he was about to say.

Instead, he turned and walked toward the red forbidden mountain. At the foot of the mountain, he lifted his head and looked at the mountain peak. He took a deep breath and raised his right hand, pressing it against the mountain rock.

All of his cultivation base instantly erupted, forming a terrifying aura that enveloped the mountain peak, causing the Forbidden Mountain to tremble and rumbling sounds to echo.

The mosquitoes on it were all frightened and flew up in large groups, covering the sky in a black mass, causing the already gloomy forbidden zone to become even darker.

The buzzing sound also rose in an instant, shocking everyone.

When the captain saw this scene, he noticed that Xu Qing didn't attract the mosquitoes. He couldn't help but feel surprised.

"Eh, what are you doing?"

Xu Qing didn't speak. At that moment, as his cultivation base circulated, the 2 million soul threads in his body rapidly became active and rushed out of his.

From afar, these soul threads seemed to connect to the sky, attracting countless lightning bolts. In the end, they transformed into a vortex that coiled around the mountain, forming a huge force.

It was like a huge palm that came from nothingness, grabbing the mountain peak and pulling it fiercely.

He wanted to lift it from the ground.

The ground quaked, the forbidden zone rumbled, and the mountain trembled.

The captain wanted to open his eyes wide but he couldn't do it. His heart was churning as he became doubtful.

Just as he was about to speak, an even louder rumbling sound rang out from the mountain like heavenly lightning. The mountain, shaking violently, cracked and split from the ground under the strain of two million soul threads.

It was lifted by seven inches!

A black liquid that was like blood seeped out from the mountain and the ground. If one lay on the ground and took a look, they would see countless strands of black flesh and blood between the mountain and the ground.

There were also some bones.

 How was this a mountain? This was clearly a physical body, the physical body of the forbidden zone!

This discovery slightly surprised Xu Qing.

The mountain within the forbidden zone weighed much more than those outside, and after sensing it, Xu Qing gained a slightly deeper understanding of the forbidden zone.

In addition, this mountain itself held a significant pressure, making it challenging to lift.

Also, because it was lifted, the anomalous substances on it spread out densely.

The most important thing was the relationship between this mountain and the forbidden zone. It was a part of the forbidden zone. If one wanted to take it away, it would be like cutting off the flesh of a living person.

Right now, just as the mountain was lifted a little, the entire forbidden zone seemed to come alive. From every blade of grass, tree, all the anomalous substances, and mountain rocks, intense rejection and malice came from this world.

The soil was also churning. The corpses of living beings who had died in this forbidden zone since ancient times crawled out one after another. Their ferocity was intense as they rushed toward Xu Qing and the captain.

It didn't want to give it up!

The entire forbidden zone seemed to have developed its own consciousness and locked onto Xu Qing. The wind that blew over also grew much stronger. It was unknown if it was the sound of the wind or words.

"Leave!"

"Leave immediately!"

"Die!!"

These voices caused Xu Qing's gaze to rotate even colder.

He could withstand the pressure, and he could withstand the weight with the soul threads.

He could neglect the anomalous substances. As for the fact that this mountain was one with the forbidden zone…

"Since you don't want to give it to me, I'll grasp you with it."

Xu Qing's eyes turned cold. He called out to Little Shadow, who was chasing and playing, in his mind and gave a command.

"Devour this forbidden zone!"

Little Shadow had been waiting for this order for a long time. If it was in the past, it wouldn't care about these. It would eat when it was hungry. However, even since it met Xu Qing, it was always on tenterhooks and didn't dare to disobey at all.

Hence, it only dared to chase and torture the fog but didn't dare to devour it directly. It was worried that it would be punished again if it did something wrong.

Hence, after receiving Xu Qing's order, the little shadow, who was torturing the blood fog, immediately became excited. Its emotions instantly rose, transforming into a large shadow that directly stood up from the ground.

It was like a black curtain.

One could see a forbidden zone on this curtain!

There was a jungle in the forbidden zone, and in the depths of the jungle, there was a towering tree that was covered with eyes.

This tree was a bizarre entity. A black coffin hung on its branch and was swaying. That was the first form the shadow had displayed, the shadow tree.

There was a coffin hanging from the tree that was swaying like a huge pendulum clock. Inside, there was the ear-piercing sound of fingernails scratching the wooden planks and a murmur that echoed in all directions.

At the next instant, all the eyes opened in unison.

Not only did it come from the tree, but countless eyes in the black curtain's forbidden zone also opened at this moment, revealing a red glow and greed. A huge crack opened from the curtain.

It emitted an aura of decay.

It pounced fiercely at the rapidly fleeing blood fog.

A mournful wail suddenly echoed in the forbidden zone. The shaking of the entire forbidden zone became even more intense and one could faintly hear the hair-raising chewing sounds.

It was swallowing at every moment.

Amidst the devouring, the shadow that transformed into a curtain landed on the ground again and spread in all directions, covering everything in its path.

Regardless of whether it was vegetation or ferocious beasts, regardless of whether they were alive or dead, they all gazed blurry after being covered by the shadow.

Under the shadow, the color of the soil rapidly changed and gradually turned gray. There was no vitality or aura of death. That gray color was like the background color of the world.

It was as though a piece of meat had been swallowed.

The forbidden zone rumbled and the wind grew even stronger. As it whistled, it seemed to emit a roar of pain that echoed in the forbidden zone.

As the shadow spread, the wailing became even more intense.

This scene shocked the captain.

"Well…"

"Little Qing, it's fine as long as you get bitten by a few mosquitoes. You… why do you look like you're going to grasp this forbidden zone away?"

Xu Qing didn't respond. After he sensed that Little Shadow had begun to spread and devour this forbidden zone, his hand on the mountain rock pressed down again. Immediately, a loud sound rang out from the mountain peak and it was slowly lifted by another seven inches.

The pulling force of the soul threads in the surroundings was even greater, forming a fluctuation that swept through the corpses rushing over in the surroundings, shattering them all thousands of feet away.

The forbidden zone was being refined and the forbidden mountain was being moved away.

At that moment, the shadow was the first to send a fluctuation of emotions, warning Xu Qing. Immediately after, a blue light flashed in the captain's eyes. He moved his huge body and gazed behind him.

Behind them, there was a rainbow that was rapidly rushing over from the other end of the forbidden zone.

The domineering aura and the first stage of Nihility transformed into thousands of illusory meteors that surrounded the rainbow like a meteor shower.

Inside was a tall figure.

This figure was similar to a human but was clearly more muscular. It was almost 20 feet tall and gazed like a giant.

His long golden hair fluttered in the wind, exuding nobility.

Its eyes were also golden, giving off a lofty feeling. Its pupils were different from humans. They were vertical pupils, like dragon eyes.

The aura emitted by his body was even more obvious and dense in terms of qi and blood. At that moment, he was like a volcano that was about to erupt. His combat strength also clearly surpassed cultivators of the same realm of the other races.

There was also a faint bloodline talent contained in it. All the anomalous substances in the surroundings were actually rejected. Clearly, in terms of resisting the invasion, it surpassed the vast majority of races.

"Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race!"

The captain's eyes lit up and he licked his lips.































































Xu Qing coldly looked over. This was the first time he had seen a cultivator of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race, and he understood what the captain meant.

The person who appeared wasn't from an affiliated race of the Flame Moon, but a member of the Flame Moon itself.

Coupled with what the captain had said earlier about sensing a mark in the forbidden zone, it seemed that the person who put the mark was this person.

Although Xu Qing had never seen a cultivator of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven's race, he had some understanding of this race through the books in the Variant Immortal School.

Hence, he knew that because the number of members of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven was much fewer than their affiliated races, any cultivator from the main race had a high status in the Flame Moon's territory.

This could be seen from the treatment the Eldest Prince received just from having half of the Flame Moon bloodline.

The cultivators of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven received preferential treatment even in the territory of the other races.

No one dared to rashly offend the members of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven. This caused the cultivators of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven's main clan to be filled with confidence no matter where they went, and they were often extremely domineering.

The strength of the race was their confidence.

This was even more so when they were in their territory.

The rainbow appeared in the sky above Xu Qing and the captain. The meteors that followed it all landed on the ground.

The forbidden zone and its surroundings trembled. A mighty pressure descended from the sky, transforming into two words.

"Human Race?"



As soon as these words were spoken, the color of the world changed, as if the words themselves had the power to shape reality. A power of laws emerged, exerting influence over both Xu Qing and the captain, attempting to manipulate their actions. Faintly, there was a sense of their bodies being on the verge of tearing apart.

A blue light appeared in the captain's eyes and he was a little excited.

Xu Qing was indifferent, as though he was looking at a dead person.

Little Shadow, who was devouring the forbidden zone, paused slightly before continuing to devour.

Seeing that these two humans didn't have the slightest reaction to his appearance, a hint of impatience appeared in the eyes of this cultivator from the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven.

He had not been here before; he had just arrived with the sole purpose of obtaining the forbidden mountain within this forbidden zone.

As a participant in the Grand Hunt, he needed the forbidden mountain. The more, the better. The competition was fierce, so he had arranged for the affiliated races nearby to leave his mark in multiple forbidden zones.

The marks meant that he had already claimed those areas, and anyone else who wanted to seize it would be hunted down by him afterward.

Along the way to these forbidden areas, he had encountered both success and failure, putting him in a foul mood. Now, seeing humans daring to intrude, his impatience flared up, and with a disdainful look in his eyes, he raised his right hand and delivered a punch toward Xu Qing and Erniu.

This punch looked casual, but when it carried a monstrous aura.

The sky churned and the ground rumbled. A huge golden fist phantom appeared between heaven and earth. Its range was a hundred thousand feet wide, like the fist of heaven.

It stirred up a storm that caused the forbidden zone to shake. The moment it was about to land, the captain laughed loudly and rushed out with his swollen body.

"Just nice, I'll use you to test the enhancement effect."

In an instant, the captain's massive body created a violent roar as it collided head-on with the incoming golden fist phantom.

A deafening sound rang out like thunder.

The captain landed on the ground and bounced a few times. As for the fist phantom in the sky, cracks appeared on it before shattering into pieces.

"That's it?"

The captain lifted his head and spoke proudly.

Xu Qing glanced at the captain. He could sense that not only was the captain's body much stronger, but his cultivation had also reached the level of Nihility at some point in time.

'Another seal has been undone?'

'Also, Eldest Senior Brother seems to be deliberately enraging this Flame Moon cultivator.'

While Xu Qing was thinking, the captain shouted at the sky.

 "Again."

The gaze of the cultivator of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race in the sky instantly landed on the captain. There were some waves in his eyes and he became a little more serious. He lifted his right hand and took a deep breath.

As he inhaled, a storm suddenly rose. The anomalous substances, spirit energy, and all the nomological laws that existed here surged into his mouth at this instant.

Amidst the rumbling sounds, a vortex formed.

After taking a deep breath, the body of this Flame Moon Mystic Heaven cultivator doubled in size. His right hand clenched into a fist and landed down again.

With a boom, the void exploded and a huge golden mountain that was even larger than the fist phantom earlier appeared in the air, pressing down on the captain.

The captain's eyes revealed disdain. He charged forward again and still used his body to collide with the mountain phantom.

The captain fell, while the mountain phantom collapsed.

This time around, the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven cultivator in the air looked solemn. He stared at the captain and was about to speak.

"Too weak, too weak, too weak!"

The captain laughed wildly on the ground.

When this laughter landed in the ears of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven cultivator, killing intent flashed in his eyes. He opened his mouth and inhaled again. This time, the range of the impact was even larger. The anomalous substances and spirit qi within 500 kilometers rushed over and formed a terrifying vortex in front of him.

He was about to inhale it.

However, at this moment, the captain suddenly smashed the ground and borrowed the momentum to bounce up, his speed reaching an extreme level. In the blink of an eye, he appeared in the vortex formed by 500 kilometers of spirit energy and anomalous substances.

The captain's eyes revealed a hint of relief. He opened his mouth and sucked fiercely before the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven cultivator could.

In an instant, this vortex was like a ball that had lost air. It instantly shriveled and was devoured by the captain.

The moment he swallowed it, the captain's body actually expanded. His hair also turned golden, and so did his eyes. He looked very similar to the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race's clansmen.

This scene caused the expression of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven cultivator to change. He quickly withdrew with an extremely solemn expression.

"You're not a human!"

"You're the one who's not a human. Your entire family isn't human. Why are you throwing insults in the middle of the fight?!"

The captain glared.

"Isn't it just the unique Nine Breaths Submission spell of your Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race? Once activated, each breath intake can drastically boost your power. So if I can counter devour it, does that mean I'm not from the human race?"

"It's not that I want to criticize you, but why can you only breathe three times? Not enough, not enough, do it again."

The captain licked his lips and spoke excitedly.

Xu Qing was calm. Previously, he had sensed the strangeness of the captain's behavior. Now that he saw this, he should have been surprised that the captain could cast the Flame Moon's spell, but he felt that everything was normal.

Clearly, after interacting with him for a long time, Xu Qing was already used to everything about the captain.

Even if the captain told him one day that he was a god, Xu Qing wouldn't be too surprised.

Hence, Xu Qing didn't bother with them and continued moving the mountain.

As for the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven cultivator in the air, his expression was ugly. He stared at the captain and suddenly spoke.

"This is the first time I've encountered such an interesting human. Alright, since you can grasp the Nine Breaths Submission spell, I wonder if you can learn my Flame Moon's innate talent."

As he spoke, this Flame Moon Mystic Heaven cultivator touched his forehead. Immediately, the qi and blood in his body churned and erupted, forming a blood mist that shot into the sky.

The entire sky trembled and formed a vortex. There were also blood-red lightning swimming inside with an astonishing aura.

In the center of the vortex, a scene that was enough to shock everyone who saw it for the first time appeared.

It was an unknown void in that scene.

There was a huge kun-peng inside!

Waves of the aura of the Heavenly Dao spread out from its body. It wasn't an ordinary Heavenly Dao. It was… one of the Immemorial Heavenly Dao of the Wanggu Continent!

Countless iron chains surrounded its body, and every one of them pierced deeply into its body, locking it up. There was also a huge whip that waved in the air and kept whipping its body.

There were countless wounds and its body was badly mangled.

With every strike of the whip, the sound of thunder rang out. There were also wails from the Immemorial Heavenly Dao that landed in the world.

This voice contained endless pain and an indescribable desire to die. It echoed in the human world, forming a sound that surpassed the rules and laws and rushed toward the captain and Xu Qing.

If one was affected by it, they would develop compassion for it. Once they felt empathy, they would suffer and beg for death.

This was the innate talent of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race.

Originally, this species didn't have an innate talent. At most, it was reflected in the strength of their bodies. However, as the times changed and the race became stronger, they created an innate talent for themselves.

Locking down an Immemorial Heavenly Dao, enslaving this Heavenly Dao, using whip strikes to make it wail, thus forming fortune to bless the race.

As for exactly how many Heavenly Dao were locked up by them, other than the Great Priests of this race and the gods, no one knew.

At that moment, the sound formed by the wails of the Heavenly Dao ignored their cultivation and barriers and directly landed in front of Xu Qing and the captain. That pain and desire to die rapidly spread in their minds.

However… Xu Qing was as calm as ever, and the captain was still laughing mockingly.

"Son."

The Flame Moon Mystic Heaven cultivator clearly misunderstood. When the cold glint in his eyes grew even more intense, a crisp babbling sound suddenly rang out from the void in the vortex.

This voice's level was astonishing. It instantly neutralized the wailing of the kun-peng, causing the vortex in the sky to collapse.

As for the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven cultivator, his body trembled violently and he spat out a large mouthful of blood. His expression was filled with horror and disbelief.

"What is this!"

His breathing was hurried. As he spoke, he rapidly retreated. He didn't want to fight anymore. In his eyes, that handsome human wasn't much but that bloated fatty was too terrifying.

Hence, he didn't hesitate and retreated fiercely.

The captain shouted.

"Don't leave. Let's fight for a while more."

Xu Qing frowned and calmly spoke.

"Senior Brother, stop playing."

As he spoke, Xu Qing lifted his right hand and clasped at the air. Immediately, black flames emerged out of thin air, forming a sea of fire. At the same time, the Golden Crow let out a cry from the totemic tattoo on Xu Qing's body and rushed out, transforming into a black spear.

The instant it appeared, thunder rumbled and a roar echoed. The spear phantom was like a black destructive dragon, emitting an aura that caused the ground to tremble and stones to collapse.

At the next instant, the black spear soared into the sky.

It looked like a spear but also like a Golden Crow. The flames in the vicinity rose from the ground and chased after the fleeing Flame Moon Mystic Heaven cultivator.































































The sky in the forbidden zone rumbled. The spear that flew out from in front of Xu Qing was like a dragon, flickering with a world-destroying black light.

It even stirred up a sea of fire on the ground, spreading into the sky.

Its speed was so fast that it was like a shooting star as it tore through the sky.

There were also the soul threads from the mountain peak. At this moment, they spread out and augmented the spear like the sea of fire, causing the spear to emit an unprecedented sharpness.

It made it impossible for anyone to dodge or resist it!

The expression of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race cultivator completely changed.

"This aura… This is a taboo weapon!"

The strength of the race gave access to more comprehensive history, so the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven cultivator recognized the spear immediately.

This realization caused his heart to churn and his mind to rumble.

However, he didn't have time to think too much now. The intense sense of life-and-death crisis caused every inch of his body to tremble.

He wanted to dodge but he couldn't do so. His instincts made him understand that if he took a step back in the face of this incoming spear of extermination, his mind would be suppressed by the aura.

Once he was suppressed by the aura, he would definitely die.

This was because this spear was not tolerated by the world or the Heavenly Dao. It was one of the oldest taboo weapons in the Wanggu Continent and was an existence that was sealed in the emperor cultivation arts.

Facing such an ancient taboo weapon, the more afraid he was, the faster he would be destroyed.



Hence, the eyes of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race cultivator instantly turned red. He let out a roar and spat out a mouthful of blood, using a forbidden blood art.

This blood instantly turned into a blood fog that formed an arc in front of him, protecting him from the front. At the same time, one could see the blood fog churning and a large number of faces of the myriad races appeared. There were no less than a thousand of them and they let out low roars in unison. Each of them burned with all their might.

However, this was clearly not enough.

Hence, at this critical moment, the physical strength of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven cultivator rose completely. His hands instantly became incomparably thick as he lifted them and pressed forward.

Golden light spread out from his body, transforming into a barrier of light that formed a second layer of defense.

There was also a white light that rapidly flew out from his forehead, forming a Life God Art that transformed into a statue that stood behind him.

This statue was in the shape of a human but its entire body was covered in feathers. It was completely white and gave off a holy feeling. At that moment, the statue lifted its arms and hugged the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven cultivator.

All of this took a long time to describe but in reality, it happened in the blink of an eye. At the next instant, the black spear had already shattered into nothingness.

It was here!

With thunder-like aura, the fragments swept through the blood-colored fog in front of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven cultivator.

The instant they came into contact, the fog rumbled and churned intensely. It wanted to resist the spear's might but it was unable to do so. Even if all the faces inside burned, it was useless.

In the blink of an eye, they let out mournful wails and were directly blown away by the spear wind like ashes.

At the same time, the blood-colored fog dissipated completely. It couldn't withstand a single blow.

The Flame Moon Mystic Heaven cultivator immediately suffered a backlash. His face turned pale and blood flowed from the corner of his mouth. However, this was only the beginning for him.

At the next instant, the black spear ruthlessly stabbed into the first layer of the cultivator's protective barrier, the golden light barrier.

There was a loud sound of collision.

The golden barrier shattered and countless cracks spread. It only lasted for a breath of time before shattering into pieces.

The Flame Moon cultivator's face was pale. As he spat out blood uncontrollably, the black spear continued moving forward with an unstoppable pressure. Amidst the whistling sounds, it stabbed the white statue formed by the Flame Moon cultivator's Life God Art.

Strength and dignity were released from the spear at this moment.

Black fire, red soul threads, and indestructible taboo weapon. Although the impact and destruction formed by them weren't unstoppable, it was obvious that… this Flame Moon Mystic Heaven cultivator wasn't among those who could do it!

Hence, as a deafening sound spread throughout the entire forbidden zone, the Life God statue of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven cultivator shattered like porcelain.

 First, it was his arm, then his body, then his head. It turned into countless fragments and rolled back, revealing the protected Flame Moon Mystic Heaven cultivator.

His expression was still filled with horror from before. Before he could react, the black spear had already appeared on his chest.

It pierced.

It pierced through his skin, flesh, and back.

It directly… pierced through him!

However, he didn't leave.

Instead, under the aftershock of the impact, this cultivator's body moved toward the original direction of the spear.

No matter how noble this Flame Moon Mystic Heaven cultivator's body looked previously, he was like a broken rag doll at this moment. His body was tattered and he had no choice.

At the next instant, the sky rumbled. The black spear wrapped around this cultivator and nailed him to the sky!

This was originally unbelievable. The sky was void and wasn't a physical object, so nothing could be nailed to it, but it was happening now.

The sky seemed to have materialized in front of the spear.

The Flame Moon Mystic Heaven cultivator was nailed in the air just like that. Blood flowed down his wound and onto his body, dripping onto the ground.

His complexion was dispirited and his expression was bitter. He gradually lost the strength to support his eyes. However, he still forcefully opened his eyes and looked at the calm Xu Qing on the ground.

This figure was something he couldn't forget.

Previously, he had thought that the bloated cultivator who had attacked first was the strongest and most mysterious of the two.

After all, to be able to grasp the Flame Moon's Nine Breaths Submission spell, there must be a secret.

But now, he didn't think so.

The strongest… was this person who had only fired a spear.

"Taboo weapons…"

The Flame Moon Mystic Heaven cultivator mumbled. In the end, he stared at Xu Qing meaningfully and closed his eyes.

At this moment, countless cracks appeared on his body. All the marks were from his chest. After they rapidly spread throughout his body, they began to shatter.

Finally, with a boom, his body transformed into hundreds of pieces and fell to the ground.

It was as though his body and soul had been destroyed.

Seeing this, Xu Qing let out a soft cry of surprise and abruptly pulled out his black spear from the sky.

At this moment, the flesh and blood that fell from the sky underwent a strange change!

At this moment, they all erupted with teleportation fluctuations.

They were teleporting.

"You can run like this? Is this a new Flame Moon spell? I want to learn it."

When the captain saw this scene, his eyes instantly lit up. He suddenly opened his mouth and sucked fiercely at the flesh and blood that were starting to blur.

There was also black shadow on the ground. It seemed to have been waiting for a long time and suddenly rushed out.

It was Little Shadow, who had spread here.

It and the captain used their respective methods at the same time.

The black spear also flew over at the same time. Xu Qing's habit was to kill whoever he could, leaving no one alive.

The eruption of the power of the three parties also made the success rate of teleportation of these flesh and blood impossible.

In an instant, 40% of the flesh and blood were pulled out of the teleportation under the captain's huge suction force, heading straight for the captain's mouth.

As for Little Shadow's attack, it was even stranger. There were even murmurs coming from it.

"Three elements nurture, nine Qi circulate, five elements transform, organs form, and seven stars create orifices. The souls of all beings rise to the top, three feet above me, Dark Abyss, illuminated by the brilliance of three feet of starlight."

The voice alternated between high and low, between swift and slow, creating a bizarre feeling when combined.

Under this interference, 20% of his flesh and blood instantly burned and transformed into flames. They were stripped of the teleportation energy and fused into Little Shadow's body.

As for the rest, Xu Qing's ebony spear whistled over. Black flames spread out and amidst the lingering soul threads, it destroyed everything.

In the end, not a single piece of flesh and blood could escape. All of them disappeared from the world.

After the environment fell silent, the captain chewed a few times and looked at Xu Qing.

"This person is a clone."

Little Shadow also transmitted its emotions, telling Xu Qing that it could sense the other party's aura within a certain range.

"It's fine. The next time we meet, we'll just kill him."

Xu Qing spoke softly. He then turned his head and lifted his right hand, pressing down on the forbidden mountain beside him again.

The mountain rumbled and Little Shadow had already spread to all the forbidden zones. As Xu Qing moved, it began to devour crazily.

The forbidden zone trembled and the wails gradually grew weaker. The sense of repulsion also slowly decreased.

As far as the eye could see, the shape of this forbidden zone was getting fainter and blurrier. The location at the edge had completely disappeared.

However, this speed wasn't very fast. Xu Qing was impatient and spread out his soul threads to support Little Shadow.

During this process, the captain only took a glance. He was a little surprised but didn't ask. This was because at that moment, he was doing his best to digest Flame Moon's flesh and blood and search for a way to destroy the teleportation.

Four hours later, Little Shadow's devouring ended.

Everything around Xu Qing and the captain was empty.

There was only that mountain floating a foot above the ground.

The entire forbidden zone was gone!

The earth was gray.

Among this gray color, there was a orb of ebony shadow that squirmed like a river, extending toward Xu Qing. Finally, after it returned to Xu Qing's feet, a burp rang out. After that, it spat out a piece of brown flame the size of a fingernail.

This flame floated in front of Xu Qing and flickered. It would occasionally expand or rapidly shrink, as though it was extremely unstable.

Because of its movement, the sky quickly transformed pitch-

black. Thunder rang out and bolts of lightning swam inside, as though they were attracted and spread out.

At the same time, a soul power as majestic as the sea spread out from Xu Qing's shadow.

"Master… full…"

Xu Qing nodded and carefully kept the brown fire. He was very clear about the origin of this flame and also knew how dangerous it was.

After putting it away, Xu Qing waved his right hand and the blood-red forbidden mountain rose into the air with a rumbling sound, floating above his head.

"Little Qing, are the mosquitoes still there? Release some. I felt a little pain just now. The effect still needs to be enhanced."

The captain glanced at Xu Qing's shadow.

Xu Qing transformed his head and looked at the swollen captain.

"Senior Brother, the High God Star Flame told me that the first segment of the hunt is moving mountains…"































































At the moment when the clone of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race cultivator died, in the sixth region of the Flame Moon, three forbidden zones away from where Xu Qing and the captain were at, a fierce battle was reaching its climax.

The people who were fighting were two cultivators of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven.

The bodies of these two people were dozens of feet tall, with golden hair and eyes, emitting a holy aura all over. Above each of them floated three forbidden mountains exuding dense anomalous substances.

As wind and lightning roared, not only did the sound spread in all directions, but there were also collisions of nomological laws. Many cultivators from the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race's affiliated races were watching in the surroundings.

At that moment, with a muffled groan, the body of a Flame Moon Mystic Heaven cultivator in the battle collapsed and shattered into pieces. As blood splattered everywhere, his head was lifted by the opponent and placed before him.

"You clearly know that that's the forbidden zone I marked but you still snatched the forbidden mountain?"

The other party calmly spoke.

"Yun Fanzi, I'll give this clone to you. However, on your way to the Divine Mountain, my main body will look for you. I hope you can keep all the forbidden mountains intact."

The head looked at the murderer and spoke in a deep voice.

The cultivator Yun Fanzi had a calm expression. With a wave of his hand, he threw the head onto the forbidden mountain in the air.

As the mountain rumbled and produced pressure, the head rapidly decayed and eventually turned into ashes. However, it didn't dissipate. Instead, it emitted the intent of teleportation and teleported away with the shattered pieces of the body on the ground.

Yun Fanzi didn't bother with it. He raised his hand and grabbed. In the distance, the three forbidden mountains that originally belonged to the dead opponent flew over and surrounded him. The anomalous substances produced by the six mountains were incomparably dense, forming surging black fog in the sky.

The onlookers in the surroundings lowered their heads. The subsidiary races didn't have the qualifications to participate in the battle of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven's cultivators.

This was especially so during the Grand Hunt.



The Flame Moon Mystic Heaven's members were all considered heaven's chosen, each possessing remarkable abilities. This was one of the reasons why countless subsidiary races, after bowing their heads time and again, chose to submit from the depths of their hearts.

Yun Fanzi, who was in the air, swept his gaze across the ground.

He didn't fancy those affiliated races. After sweeping his gaze across them, he was about to leave. However, at this moment, his moving body suddenly paused and he abruptly turned his head to look into the distance.

His expression instantly changed. He could sense that one of the clones he had sent to the other forbidden zones had disappeared.

Generally speaking, as a member of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race, even if the clone died, its origin source would teleport back. Just like the person he had killed earlier, all his flesh and blood had teleported away in the end.

This was a tacit understanding between the cultivators of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven. Generally speaking, unless it was a life-and-death feud, the race wouldn't erase the other party's origin source. Most of them had some restraint and would wait for the final hunt in the Divine Realm before they staked everything.

It was rare for a clone's origin to dissipate in the first segment.

"Who was it?"

Yun Fanzi's gaze was gloomy. He let out a cold snort and walked in the direction where his clone had died.

At the same time, in the direction he was heading in, several regions away, Xu Qing and the captain were moving forward.

On the way, the captain's expression was sour. From time to time, he would look at Xu Qing but didn't say a word.

At first, Xu Qing remained composed. However, after being stared at again and again, he felt a little helpless. He took out a tangerine from his storage bag and threw it over.

"Eldest Senior Brother, do you want to eat a tangerine?"

The captain instinctively raised his hand and took it. However, when he heard this, he couldn't suppress the sourness in his heart anymore and spoke righteously.

"Little Qing, as a man, you have to rely on your own strength. How can it be manly if you depend on a woman? Good looks won't feed you, will they?"

When Xu Qing heard this, he corrected him.

"She isn't a woman, She is a god."

The captain took a deep breath and spoke disdainfully.

"So what if She is a god? I've also been with a god before, they are the same as well."

Upon hearing these fierce words, Xu Qing could only remain silent.

It was obvious the captain was still feeling bitter, so on the way, he would occasionally say some earth-shattering words…

 Just like that, time flowed by and half a month passed.

The inner region of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven appeared in Xu Qing and the captain's eyes.

The reason why they were so fast was because of the region-level teleportation. This kind of teleportation couldn't be used by ordinary cultivators. It required a specific identity, such as the qualifications to hunt.

Originally, according to the captain's plan, it would take quite long for them to reach the inner region. However, Xu Qing took out the token…

This was also the source of the captain's bitterness on the way.

Now that he saw the inner region of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven, the captain, whose body was still a little swollen, sighed reluctantly. He took out a peach and bit it fiercely. Just as he was about to speak, his expression suddenly changed as he looked at the sky.

Xu Qing also lifted his head. The sky of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race's inner region was turning red at a speed visible to the naked eye.

Following the red light, waves of terrifying pressure also spread in all directions. It was as though at the end of the red light, there was a colossus moving forward in the sky.

A long time later, this colossus was slowly reflected in Xu Qing and the captain's eyes.

It was the head of a nonhuman.

With brown skin and two horns on its head, it was oval-shaped, and there was a ring tied to its nose.

It had seven eyes and its eyes were grayish-white. One could see the figures of cultivators sitting cross-legged and meditating.

Every one of them was a cultivator of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven's main race. Their auras were astonishing.

This head was as large as a city. Even though it was very far away, people could still see it. The red light in the surroundings was emitted by this head.

Xu Qing didn't know the race this head belonged to but he could sense the remnant will of the Soul Accumulation through the pressure it emitted.

It seemed to be the head of a Soul Accumulation mighty figure!

Most importantly, there was also the feeling of some gods on it. After Xu Qing sensed it, he couldn't help but feel his heart palpitate.

However, at that moment, this head seemed to have been refined into a magic treasure. While its long hair danced in the wind, there was a large area in the middle where there was no hair.

There were actually buildings built there, and crowds of people could be seen bustling about.

It was like a market.

People would fly out from time to time.

Moreover, with its arrival, a strong wind fell from the sky, stirring up a storm on the ground. Xu Qing and the captain had no choice but to land a little.

"We actually encountered the Mystic Moon Square."

The captain stared at it for a while before reminiscence emerged in his eyes. After he gradually recognized it, his eyes revealed surprise.

"Mystic Moon Square?"

Xu Qing gazed at the captain.

Hearing Xu Qing's question, the captain lifted his chin.

"Didn't the god tell you?"

Xu Qing blinked. He knew that Eldest Senior Brother's heart ached along the way. Hence, he shook his head and revealed a regretful expression.

Noticing Xu Qing's expression, the captain experienced a little better and articulated proudly.

"Mystic Moon Square. This is a unique market style of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race. The Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race often doesn't have a fixed residence and instead moves around the three mobile Great Priests' tents."

"The Mystic Moon Square is the distinctive feature of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race's external trade."

"As for this head, judging from the aura of the gods on its body, there's a high chance that it came from the Divine Realm."

"The Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race likes to tear open Divine Realms during the Grand Hunt and barge in to hunt. If you say they're courting death, they succeed every time; if you say they aren't courting death, that's a Divine Realm."

"I wonder if the Sun, Moon, and Star Gods will one day provoke an existence they can't afford to offend and be slapped to death."

The captain sighed with emotion and muttered.

"If that day really comes, it's best to slap that old woman Moon Flame to death first before slapping that little slut Star Flame."

Xu Qing remained silent.

After the captain finished speaking, he seemed to feel much better.

"Since you have the Grand Hunt's token, we can enter. Let's go and see what good things are inside."

As he spoke, the captain's body swayed and he flew straight for the distant Mystic Moon Square. Xu Qing transformed into a rainbow behind him. As they got closer, the pressure from Mystic Moon Square became even more intense.

The hustle and bustle inside also became clearer. In fact, Xu Qing even saw many shops and stalls.

This reminded him of Ghost Lane.

It also had a head and was a market city. The two had some similarities.

Xu Qing wasn't sure if this was a coincidence or if there were some secrets hidden.

Hence, he gazed at the Little Shadow.

Back then, in Ghost Lane, that head was attracted by Little Shadow.

As for Little Shadow, after absorbing the forbidden zone from before, it seemed to be digesting and was in a state of hibernation.

Just like that, Xu Qing and the captain got closer to the Mystic Moon Square, and when they were less than 10,000 feet away from it, a deep roar that caused the color of the world to change rang out from it. It attracted countless lightning, and even the void rippled.

As the voice echoed, a strange ferocious beast rushed out of the Mystic Moon Square.

This ferocious beast wasn't very large, only a thousand feet long, but the pressure emanating from its body was almost as strong as that of the head. A casual glance could unsettle ordinary cultivators' minds as if they were being mesmerized.

This beast resembled a wolf, with a greenish black body and a turtle shell on its back. Its face was like that of a malicious ghost and white fur spread out on its head.

As for the ghost masks on its body, there were six of them.

Other than its head, there were ghost masks on its limbs, knees, and the end of its tail. It was a shocking sight.

There were also roars coming from the six sides.

Below it was also astonishing. It was a sea of ghosts that emerged out of thin air.

It swept up the sea of ghosts as it moved, as though wherever it passed, it represented death and calamity. As for the head, there was a person standing between the white fur.

This person wore purple-gold armor and had a tall figure. His golden hair fluttered in the wind and his gaze was like a torch, as though it could burn all living beings he gazed at.

There were also Soul Accumulation fluctuations that rose from his body, causing heavenly lightning to surge. He left the Mystic Moon Square on the strange beast, rushing toward the distant sky.ky.

In the Mystic Moon Square, all the Flame Moon Race members who saw this scene revealed fanaticism in their' eyes and diminished their heads to worship.

Xu Qing's heart was also stirred. The captain beside him transmitted his voice softly.

"I know the name of that ferocious beast. It's called a ghost carriage."

"I've never seen the person on it but there's only one type of cultivator who can wear purple-gold armor."

"Mystic Heaven General!"































































"The purple gold of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race is different from our human race's gold. They used fortune to forge gold and killed Divine Realm creatures as materials. Coupled with the sacrifices of the hundreds of members of the subsidiary races of the Flame Moon Race, they finally turned mystic into purple and formed a set of purple gold Mystic Heaven Armor!"

The captain looked at the terrifying figure in the sky and spoke in a low voice. His expression was filled with envy and his words were filled with sighs.

"Back then, I was just a little short of possessing a set of this purple gold Mystic Heaven Armor."

"Let me tell you, Little Qing. In the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race, this armor is not only a symbol of status but also a magic treasure comparable to a taboo"

"Moreover, it's a top-notch item. Its might is different according to the creatures killed in the Divine Realm."

The captain stared fixedly at the departing Mystic Heaven General. The desire in his eyes was so intense that it was about to materialize.

Xu Qing also looked over. He also sensed that the purple armor was extraordinary.

The moment the armor appeared earlier, the soul threads emitted a feeling of being suppressed. From this, it could be seen how extraordinary this purple gold Mystic Heaven Armor was.

"Also, that ghost carriage is a good thing. In the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race, there's a special region. Flame Moon calls it the Mountain and Sea Region."

The captain's voice transmission continued.

"It's called the Mountain and Sea, but in reality, it's filled with all kinds of mutated beasts that have gathered to form a beast territory."

"For countless years, regardless of whether it's the beasts in this region or the beasts the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race obtained from outside, under the accumulation and reproduction, not only are there an astonishing number of them but there are also too many unbelievable mutations."



"It formed many ferocious beasts with all kinds of bizarre entity abilities. This ghost carriage is one of them."

"It's said that this beast lives by devouring souls. After it grows to a certain extent, its soul can enter the dream and kill people from there. Hence, the commoners call this beast a nightmare."

The captain licked his lips.

"The most important thing is that it's delicious!"

"My information might be a little outdated, but in the memories of my previous life, the ghost carriage beast had only been successfully tamed twice in history."

Xu Qing's eyes flickered. He thought of the second segment of the hunt that the clay fox had mentioned. According to the captain's information, it was clearly very likely that the location of the second segment was the Mountain and Sea beast region.

Hence, Xu Qing asked.

"Senior Brother, are there any more famous mutated beasts or rankings in the Mountain and Sea region?"

The captain was reminiscing about the delicious taste of the ghost carriage. When he heard Xu Qing, he swallowed his saliva.

"There are rankings but it's been too long. I don't remember them all. I only remember that in my life, the ghost carriage was ranked ninth. The beast which was ranked first was an existence called Jiuli. Unfortunately, I haven't seen it before. It's said that very few people have seen it."

"Therefore, not much of its description was circulated. The information given by the Divine Mountain only said that this beast's name was Jiuli and didn't elaborate."

At this point, the captain sighed.

"Back then, I fantasized that if I wore the purple-gold Mystic Heaven Armor and stepped on the Jiuli beast, eating ghost carriage meat while returning to the human race with an imposing aura, others would definitely be shocked. What a pity, what a pity. It's all that old woman's fault!"

The captain gritted his teeth and muttered a few words.

Xu Qing didn't say anything. He knew who the old woman the captain was talking about was…

As for the captain's dream of returning like that to the human race, Xu Qing had a different opinion. He felt that if he returned to the human race dressed like that, while others would be shocked, there would inevitably be a certain possibility of transferring a portion of the hatred of the race over.

However, it was good that the captain was happy. Xu Qing didn't disturb his happiness. Just as he was about to ask about other things, Xu Qing's expression changed at the next instant. He abruptly turned his head and looked in the direction the Mystic Heaven General had left in.

Wind and lightning suddenly rose from afar. In an instant, it was earth-shattering and deafening.

The sky also showed signs of shattering, forming dense cracks. It was like a mirror that had been cracked but hadn't shattered yet.

As the clouds and fog suddenly tore apart, a heart-rending sound rang out from the void. The sound was extremely sharp and stirred up a storm.

The ground trembled and the Mystic Moon Square in the air also paused slightly.

Immediately after, an illusory figure that seemed to be formed by fog appeared from the place where the wind and lightning came from. It fled rapidly in the southwest direction.

Behind this figure, the Mystic Heaven General slowly arrived on the ghost carriage.

 He held a ghostly fire spear in his hand and his eyes were cold. His entire body flickered with golden light like the sun as he looked at the fleeing foggy figure and calmly spoke.

"Go back and tell your master that the brat lives very well here. On account of the brat, I didn't kill your race three times but next time, I'll start killing."

Every word of his contained the power of the natural order, forming a mark that landed behind the fleeing figure and suppressed it, causing the figure to collapse dozens of times in a row. In the end, it barely escaped and disappeared.

As this figure disappeared, the ghost carriage under the Mystic Heaven General let out a low roar. It turned and swayed, bringing its master into the distance, slowly disappearing from sight.

The world returned to normal and the Mystic Moon Square continued forward.

The cultivators of the Flame Moon Race lowered their heads with respectful expressions.

When Xu Qing saw this scene, a hint of yearning appeared in his eyes.

He also wanted that one day, his combat strength would reach the level of Soul Accumulation. The captain beside him clearly saw through Xu Qing's thoughts and patted his shoulder.

"What's the big deal? If I went all out to undo the seals, I would be able to do the same instantly. As for you, Little Qing, there's no hurry."

The captain blinked and turned to look at the approaching Mystic Moon Square.

"Let's go for a stroll."

Xu Qing nodded and retracted his gaze from the direction the Mystic Heaven General had left in. He then moved forward with the captain and headed straight for the Mystic Moon Square.

Here, although he still couldn't put away the forbidden mountain above his head, under the strangeness of the Mystic Moon Square head, it could shrink and float around him.

The way to enter the Mystic Moon Square was very simple. One just had to enter.

However, the qualification requirements had to be met. Only the Flame Moon Race could enter. If it was an outsider, they would need a token.

Xu Qing's token was of a very high level and it was enough. As for the captain, he actually took out a token as well. Although it wasn't a token of qualification to participate in the Grand Hunt, it was enough for him to enter the Mystic Moon Square.

Hence, after the restriction swept past, the two of them successfully walked on the streets of Mystic Moon Square.

Looking at the crowd in the surroundings and noticing that a small portion of them also had forbidden mountains circling above their heads, Xu Qing confirmed that what the clay fox said was true. The captain also sighed.

"Looks like the first segment is really moving mountains."

"We tried on the way but we couldn't store this mountain. Now that it has only shrunk in Mystic Moon Square, I know the difficulty of the first segment."

"This is to expose all the mountains the participants have collected so that they can snatch from each other."

"Little Qing, there will be no lack of blood in the first segment."

"Look, many people have unfriendly gazes when they see that we're humans."

The captain transmitted his voice softly.

Xu Qing lifted his head and swept his gaze across the surroundings. In this bustling market, he noticed many gazes landing on him. To be precise, they were on the forbidden mountain above his head.

"Control your expression. We have to show fear and obedience. This is also the reason why I brought you to Mystic Moon Square. We're here to fish…"

The captain looked nervous.

When Xu Qing heard this, his face turned a little pale after some thought.

Just like that, the two of them continued forward. As they observed, a market city filled with a foreign style gradually emerged in front of Xu Qing.

Although the buildings here were additionally shops, there weren't many people entering and exiting. The place with the most people was the kind of individual stalls. There were all kinds of things inside.

In fact, Xu Qing even saw the flesh and blood of divine creatures. Moreover, the fluctuations they emitted were clearly not weak. This was a rare item in the human race but here, even though it couldn't be seen everywhere, there were many choices.

The Flame Moon Race's territory was too large. This led to the trading items in the race to be all-encompassing. There were even so items from nonhuman races that emerged frequently.

As for the appearance of all living beings in the market, it was the same.

Xu Qing swept his gaze over and saw no less than hundreds of different races. If it was before he stepped onto the path of cultivation and saw this scene, he would definitely think that he had arrived at the land of demons.

The captain's experience was much richer than Xu Qing's and he had a lot of understanding of the Flame Moon Race. Hence, after walking for a while, the captain separated from Xu Qing and moved by himself. He squatted in front of a green stone man and bargained with him.

Xu Qing continued walking and looked at the stalls, searching for something he was interested in.

"There's actually quite a lot of poisonous grass."

In front of a stall, Xu Qing looked at the bottles and dried medicinal herbs placed there. After checking, he bought some. An hour later, Xu Qing lamented inwardly.

"I don't have enough spirit stones…"

There were too many things in this city square and he was a little interested in them. However, the prices were all extremely astonishing. With Xu Qing's financial resources, he didn't have enough spirit stones with him.

Unless he sold some of his items.

It had been a long time since he had experienced the sensation of lacking spirit stones. This feeling reminded him of his days in the Nanhuang Continent.

"The prices of goods in this Flame Moon are a little exaggerated."

Xu Qing shook his head and was about to transmit his voice to the captain, planning to leave the city square. However, at this moment, D132, who had fused into his divine repository and hadn't moved for a long time, suddenly transmitted an excited divine sense.

"Great, handsome, invincible, and benevolent Guardian, I can sense the aura of an old friend. Please allow us to reunite!"

Xu Qing stopped in his tracks. Over the years, there had been two people missing from D132's cage. One was the straw doll and the other was the millstone.

After the collapse of the Fenghai County's Prison Department, these two fled without a trace.

Xu Qing raised his brows when he heard that. After looking at his surroundings, he wandered toward a larger stall not far away.

The items sold there were miscellaneous items of all cultivation levels. They were scattered all over the ground.

Among them, there was a straw doll that was missing an arm and a leg. It lay among the miscellaneous items and looked at the sky listlessly.

Beside it was half a millstone.

As the guardian and the person who had merged with the aura of D132, Xu Qing's arrival was faintly sensed by the straw doll. Its eyes that were like stagnant water suddenly fluctuated and turned, landing on Xu Qing. After being stunned for a moment, it revealed excitement.































































The straw doll's experiences over these years made her feel that D132 was really a paradise.

Over there, she had no worries, and she could revive even after dying.

Over there, there were people to talk to and act mysterious with. Although there was a god's finger sleeping at the side, It would be in deep slumber most of the time.

In addition, from time to time, there would be guardians who were pranked by her.

Although she yearned for freedom at that time, upon truly attaining it, she discovered that it wasn't as joyful as she imagined. Life outside was too harsh, and her undying characteristics led to her being exploited in various ways.

She was truly too miserable.

Her undying characteristic was also fading away, unable to restore her limbs. But at least, she could still hold on. The millstone, which suffered as miserably as her, was now nearly dead.

If this continued, in at most ten years, her undying attribute would completely disappear. At that time, she felt that she might instantly turn into ashes.

Now, she was just waiting for death to arrive.

Hence, her eyes were long listless, but she never expected that she would actually sense Xu Qing's aura in the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race!

This was unbelievable to her because this place was too far from Fenghai County.

She was stunned and excited.

Her remaining arm patted the millstone beside her. Unfortunately, the millstone didn't move at all.

Her actions attracted the attention of the stall owner.



This was a cultivator with white scales all over his body and a head similar to that of a human. However, the difference was that he had three eyes.

The eye in the center was completely white, giving off the feeling that it could see through the void.

There was also a small mountain circling above his head.

Clearly, this person was also one of the participants in the Grand Hunt.

At that moment, he looked at Xu Qing. His gaze first landed on the small mountain above Xu Qing's head. After that, he seriously sized up Xu Qing a few times as a dark glint flashed.

"Human? It's rare to see one in the Flame Moon's region."

Xu Qing had also recognized the other party's race.

"Baize Race."

Xu Qing didn't have a good impression of this race. Right now, in the Black Spirit Region, it was this race that had sent out all their forces to participate in the Black Heaven War.

Hence, he didn't say much and looked at the straw doll.

"How much for this?"

The Baize cultivator smiled and raised his hand to grab. Immediately, the straw doll flew over and was pinched in his palm by his white-scaled hand. As he squeezed and kneaded, the straw doll emitted a piercing scream.

"Although the level of this item is very low, it's quite interesting. It contains the undying characteristic of a god and has research value."

"Also, the soul sealed inside is that of a human soul, a female cultivator with decent looks. Though I've grown tired of playing with her, the value of this item is still considerable."

The Baize cultivator looked at Xu Qing and observed his expression.

"Is she your friend? If that's the case, the forbidden mountain above your head can be exchanged for it!"

"There's also that half of the millstone that comes from the same source as this straw doll. However, it's a pity that it's about to die. If you want it, I can give it to you as a gift."

The Baize cultivator's words attracted the attention of the surrounding cultivators. Hence, many gazes swept over and some mocking laughter rang out.

Ever since he entered the city square, Xu Qing had sensed too much ill will in the gazes around him, mostly disdain.

The decline of the human race meant that in the eyes of the powerful races, their status wasn't just lowly, but also not worthy of much consideration. They might bully or kill them without much hesitation.

However, the forbidden mountain above Xu Qing's head revealed his identity as a participant in the Grand Hunt, so these people couldn't disregard him.

 This was because during the Grand Hunt, only participants could kill each other.

Xu Qing didn't care about the mocking gazes from the surroundings. He shook his head and turned to leave.

He naturally wouldn't accept this price.

Seeing that Xu Qing was about to leave, the Baize cultivator pinched the straw doll hard. However, this time, the straw doll gritted her teeth and used all her strength to restrain herself from screaming.

"Interesting."

The Baize cultivator smiled and looked at the departing Xu Qing. His eyes narrowed and the third eye on his forehead revealed an imperceptible white glint.

The phantoms of four secret repositories instantly appeared and disappeared.

"Four secret repositories…"

The Baize cultivator muttered inwardly. His third eye returned to normal and he suddenly spoke.

"Fellow Daoist of the human race, how about 50 kilograms of flesh of a high-grade divine creature?"

Xu Qing stopped in his tracks and calculated. He could sense that if D132 was complete, there might be some changes. Most importantly, this was one of his obsessions.

He was D132's guardian and was conferred the title by the old Palace Master.

Hence, after Xu Qing thought for a bit, he took out a storage bag.

He had the flesh and blood of divine creatures. He had obtained them in the Moon Offering Region. Although there wasn't a lot, he still had hundreds of kilograms.

Hence, Xu Qing threw the storage bag over.

After the Baize cultivator caught it, he sensed it and nodded in satisfaction. After that, he casually threw out the straw doll in his hand.

As for the millstone, it also flew up with a wave of his hand and landed on Xu Qing.

Xu Qing flicked his sleeve and kept the straw doll and millstone before turning to leave.

Looking at Xu Qing's departing view, the Baize cultivator licked his lips and began to put away his miscellaneous items.

As for Xu Qing, he sent the straw doll and millstone to D132 as he walked. The moment they entered the cage, the head, the stone lion, and the painting old man were all excited to varying degrees.

Even the god's finger emitted a wisp of aura, causing the straw doll to recover rapidly. The other half of the millstone also began to restore.

"We're reunited."

The head laughed.

Immediately after, D132 began to tremble. The return of all the prisoners caused this prison that was cursed by misfortune to become complete. A sense of transformation was also slowly rising.

Seeing this, Xu Qing retracted his divine sense. From the corner of his eye, he glanced at the stall of the Baize cultivator and continued forward.

Four hours later, Xu Qing and the captain met.

The captain's face was tense, but his eyes betrayed satisfaction, giving off the impression of a fat sheep with a guilty conscience. He hurriedly pulled Xu Qing away.

"I have baited seven or eight of them, but I reckon some weren't lured by me but came passively."

"What about you, Little Qing? How was your harvest?"

"There's one." Xu Qing transmitted his voice.

"Just one? A big one?" The captain blinked.

Xu Qing nodded.

The captain was excited. They quickly left Mystic Moon Square, looking like they were in a hurry.

As they left, time slowly passed. On the way, the two of them controlled their speed. Although they didn't stop, they controlled their speed to a level that Spirit Repository cultivators could catch up with.

However, even after half a day had passed, no one appeared.

The captain was a little surprised.

"Impossible, when did Flame Moon Mystic Heaven's cultivators become so honest? Could it be that what I did wasn't obvious? Or was it too obvious?"

The captain felt some regret and kept turning his head.

Xu Qing used his perception and looked at the distant horizon before suddenly speaking.

"It's also possible that someone from one side took action and intimidated the others with ulterior motives, just like how the forbidden zone was marked."

As Xu Qing spoke, he lifted his sleeve and released the Poison Restriction, touching it slightly.

Immediately, a fingernail-sized mark appeared on his sleeve that was originally normal.

"This was secretly left on me by a participant from the Baize Race. He had covertly sensed my cultivation and determined that I had four secret repositories. He is at the Perfected Spirit Repository."

"So, let's wait a little longer. He has a forbidden mountain."

Xu Qing's body swayed and he landed on a mountain peak below, sitting down.

The captain's eyes lit up and he licked his lips. He then sat beside Xu Qing and stared at the sky eagerly.

Two hours later, when he saw three rainbows appearing in the sky, the captain's eyes revealed excitement.

The three rainbows were extremely fast, as though they could sense the direction. At that moment, they tore through the sky and headed toward Xu Qing. When they were 10,000 feet away, the rainbows paused and transformed into three figures.

They were three Baize cultivators.

The cultivator on the right was none other than the vendor who had sold the straw doll to Xu Qing. As for the cultivator in the center, his clothes were clearly much more luxurious. The aura on his body also surpassed the vendor's and reached the first stage of Nihility.

The last person was at the perfected Spirit Repository Realm.

After these three people appeared, the vendor pointed at Xu Qing and whispered a few words to Nihility cultivator beside him. He then looked at Xu Qing and the captain, and smiled just like in Mystic Moon Square.

"Human, regardless of whether you were baiting in Mystic Moon Square or not, it doesn't matter. After I saw you, I didn't plan to come alone."

"We've already booked the forbidden mountain above your head."

"In addition, although I don't know your identity in the human race, I will give you two pieces of information about the current human race for free."

This Baize cultivator looked from the forbidden mountain above Xu Qing's head and licked his lips.

"Your human race encountered defeat on the northwest battlefield. Although it was forcefully suppressed by your State Preceptor, the high priest of the Si'e Race has also arrived from the battlefield. I heard that the Shadow Demon Race was also persuaded to participate."

"Your northwest boundary is in danger."

"As for the Black Heaven Race's battlefield, although my race is being restrained by your army and your Fenghai County's strength is quickly sweeping through the Black Spirit Region, do you know that it restraint… is our goal to begin with?"

"The casualties of your human race in these two places are extremely heavy."

"If a human's hands are bound, how will he dodge the shot to the heart?"

The smile on the Baize cultivator's face was very bright.

"While I am speaking, hundreds of humans could possibly have died on the battlefield."

After saying that, the Baize cultivator observed Xu Qing's expression. His words all had ulterior motives. His goal was to lure Xu Qing and the captain to leave this mountain.

Xu Qing and the captain had stopped here. He could sense it through the mark. His cautious personality caused him think that the other party could possibly have some arrangements here, and he wasn't willing to take the risk.

Xu Qing and the captain, who had experienced too many things, could see these thoughts clearly.

"He's mine," Xu Qing calmly said.

"I'll handle the other two. It's been a long time since I have eaten the Baize Race." The captain smiled.

As the two of them spoke, their bodies swiftly disappeared. In the air, sharp intent enveloped the three Baize cultivators.































































The Baize Race didn't hold much prestige among the subsidiary races of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven. It was even harder to compare to the Si'e Race.

There were too many races like Baize in the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven.

"Generally speaking, races like the Baize have one thing in common. They try their best to show their cruelty to other races, but they will grovel to the Flame Moon Race and higher-level subsidiary races. They have no bottom line."

The captain's voice echoed in all directions amidst the sharpness of the world.

"Therefore, since they don't dare to rob the participants from the other races, they naturally thought that you were a fat sheep when they saw you."

As the captain chatted and laughed, a blue light erupted. A chill that seemed to be able to freeze the void instantly enveloped the surroundings for 500 kilometers.

Within 500 kilometers, it was as though winter had descended. The mountain peaks on the ground instantly turned into icebergs, and the vegetation turned into ice sculptures. Even the clouds in the sky gained weight and fell to the ground.

Not to mention the Baize cultivator in the middle.

"However, there's a type of beast in the forbidden region that looks like a sheep but the locals call them demons."

The captain raised his hand and pressed down on the Baize cultivator.

The expressions of the first stage Nihility cultivator and the Perfected Spirit Repository cultivator beside him changed. The former was fine, as his first stage Nihility cultivation allowed him to have his own Dao regarding rules and laws.

Hence, threads surrounded his body, forming a furnace that suddenly erupted.

However, the perfected Spirit Repository beside him was clearly weaker. No matter how the five secret repositories rose, they couldn't shake the ice. Under the heavenly transformation, his body fell uncontrollably with the clouds.



This scene caused the two of them to feel their hearts skip a beat. At the same time, the expression of the vendor instantly changed and he retreated abruptly.

He felt a life-and-death crisis and also saw the sudden drastic change in the situation. The difference between this and what he had thought before was too great.

However, at this moment, he didn't have the time to think too much. He fully released his cultivation at the Perfected Spirit Repository and the five secret repositories erupted with monstrous flames. In fact, in this critical moment, he instinctively burned his life force.

Using the huge strength boost, he instantly left.

However, it was too late.

Almost at the instant the Baize vendor rushed out, Xu Qing's figure appeared behind him. No matter how fast this Baize cultivator was, it was useless.

He couldn't shake Xu Qing off at all.

Xu Qing, who was behind him, wore a Daoist robe and his long hair fluttered in the wind. His right hand that was raised was as white as jade, devoid of any worldly affairs.

However, the black dagger wrapped in the shroud in his hand emitted an extremely dense aura of death.

This aura invaded the surroundings, causing the mind of the Baize cultivator to rumble. The intent of death transformed into a tide that drowned him. He wanted to dodge but his body seemed to have lost the ability to move.

He wanted to resist, but the deterrence from the human cultivator behind him transformed into suppression. His five secret repositories were collapsing.

He wanted to stimulate his five Heavenly Dao, but they were trembling.

His cultivation base was crushed, the Heavenly Dao were crushed, and his aura was crushed. Everything was crushed.

Hence, his heart was filled with horror. In the next breath, Xu Qing's hand passed through his neck.

Just like when he was young…

He ruthlessly cut.

Blood gushed out, but there were no screams. Only the sound of breathing could be heard as the corpse… was separated.

As it fell to the ground, soul threads shot out from Xu Qing's body and instantly caught up. They entered the corpse, trying to devour the soul.

Very soon, the corpse withered. The souls contained in it were crazily absorbed by Xu Qing's soul threads and transformed into more soul threads before flying out.

As for the corpse, it turned into ashes.

At the same time, on another battlefield, the captain laughed sinisterly as his body exploded with a bang, transforming into countless blue lights. In each blue light, there was a blue worm that enveloped the first stage Nihility Baize cultivator from all directions.

No matter how this person struggled or counterattacked, it was useless. In the blink of an eye, Baize Nihility was surrounded by countless blue worms and turned into a huge blue meatball.

 Upon closer inspection, this meatball was formed by worms. At the same time, the sound of chewing and heart-rending wails rang out from the meatball.

Xu Qing swept his gaze over and could tell that the captain's combat strength was a little stronger than when he faced the Flame Moon cultivator previously. Clearly, on the way here, the captain's strong-willedness had allowed him to secretly gain quite a lot.

Xu Qing smiled. He then lifted his right hand and caught the soul threads that had returned after devouring the vendor.

As those soul threads fused into it, the wails in the meatball that the captain had transformed into disappeared. As it squirmed, the captain's figure condensed and looked at Xu Qing.

"Little Qing, the Baize Race is still so delicious. Also, I learned two interesting pieces of information from the other party's memories."

"The first piece of information is that the person you chose is a heaven's chosen in the Baize and is extremely good at hiding. As for the one I killed, it looks like he is stronger but in reality, he has just stepped into Nihility and hasn't formed many Daos. In his memory, the two of them had fought before and he was the one who was defeated by a sneak attack."

"This is the most useless one."

As the captain spoke, he raised his hand and grabbed. Immediately, the last Baize cultivator who had fallen to the ground from the ice instantly lost consciousness and landed in his hand.

Xu Qing nodded.

He had already sensed that the number of soul threads that had returned was a little wrong. A portion was missing.

Coupled with the captain's words, it was obvious that the Baize vendor had other life-saving methods. He looked like he was dead but in reality, he was pretending to be dead and hiding.

The surroundings were empty and there were no fluctuations at all. If it was anyone else, they might not be able to find it instantly. However, to Xu Qing, this wasn't difficult.

His eyes instantly turned pitch-black and the Poison Restriction spread out, rapidly spreading in all directions. Wherever it passed, the world would be poisoned.

The captain glared.

'He's releasing poison again. I can't waste the one in my hand. It's a very good ingredient.;

The captain performed a series of hand seals and pointed. As blue light shone from his body, the body of the last Baize cultivator changed rapidly. In the end, it actually transformed into over a hundred green apples.

He put them away and transformed into blue light that fused into the void.

Just like that, as Xu Qing's Poison Restriction spread, the void in the distance distorted and a fist-sized white eye had no choice but to be revealed.

It revealed horror and determination.

Previously, he was too close and didn't dare to teleport for fear of being interrupted. He originally planned to hide and wait for Xu Qing and the captain to leave. At the same time, he moved quietly, just in case.

However, he still didn't expect to be discovered so quickly. Hence, he didn't hesitate to activate teleportation. As the fluctuations spread out, the eyeball instantly blurred again, wanting to teleport away.

Xu Qing's gaze was calm. He lifted his right hand and waved it. The soul threads in his body spread out and rapidly arranged themselves in front of him, forming a huge sundial in the blink of an eye.

As the gnomon needle moved, the law of time descended on the world.

Xu Qing looked at the place where the eyeball had teleported. Time reversed and the fog flowed back. The teleportation fluctuations spread out and became restrained. The blurry eyeball inside also became clearer.

The horror on it was the same.

At the next instant, the power of the sundial dissipated and the eyeball contracted in shock. It wanted to teleport again and hide but it was already impossible. Xu Qing had already appeared in front of it.

He raised his right hand and casually slapped it.

It turned red and emitted a soul sound but it was useless. Under absolute strength, its resistance was meaningless.

With a bang, the eyeball collapsed.

The sundial transformed into soul threads and immediately entered it. When it returned, it brought with it even so more soul threads that fused into Xu Qing's body.

From afar, the countless scarlet soul strands outside Xu Qing's body squirmed. The fluttering they formed caused Xu Qing to look like a demon.

The captain appeared at the side and looked at Xu Qing with a smile. At the same time, he picked up a green apple and took a bite.

"Little Qing, your current appearance doesn't look like a good person."

Xu Qing glanced at the apple in the captain's hand but didn't speak.

The skipper raised his hand and threw one over.

Xu Qing took it and took a bite. It was very sweet.

To him, from a young age, he had basically eaten everything other than the flesh of his fellow clansmen.

Seeing that Xu Qing was willing to eat it, the captain became happy. He put his arm around Xu Qing's shoulder and spoke in a low voice.

"There's another piece of news."

"A dignitary of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race is willing to open the forbidden zones in his territory to all cultivators participating in the Grand Hunt."

"Among the five forbidden zones in this dignitary's territory, one of them has more than 20 forbidden mountains."

"According to the information I just received, we should be able to make it if we set off quickly."

"Since you have the qualifications to hunt, let's screw them up this time. This way, we can enter the Divine Realm with a more reasonable identity and complete my major plan. Also… we might even so be able to become Mystic Heaven Generals!"

"Little Qing, Eldest Senior Brother will do his best to help you!"

The skipper patted his chest, his eyes shining.

"Remember, if we succeed in the end and you really become a Mystic Heaven General, lend me your uniform for a few years."

Xu Qing nodded when he heard this. He then lifted his right hand and waved it. Immediately, the forbidden mountain that belonged to the Baize vendor flew over and landed on his head.

The two forbidden mountains encircled each other with red lightning intertwining between them like threads.

From time to time, lightning would come into contact, forming sparks that illuminated the surroundings. They could be seen from afar.

"Eldest Senior Brother, how many forbidden mountains do you think it will take to become first?"

Xu Qing lifted his head and looked at the two mountains above his head as he suddenly spoke.

"You should need a hundred at least, right?"

The skipper casually said.

"Then 100."

A cold glint rose in Xu Qing's eyes. With a sway of his body, he whistled into the distance. The skipper blinked and smiled as he followed. Very soon, the two of them disappeared from the sky.

They headed toward the forbidden zones that the dignitary of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven had opened to celebrate the Grand Hunt.































































Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race's inner region, the eighth region.

Every Grand Hunt was a grand event for the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race. Not only were the various subsidiary races participating, but there would also be people from the other regions who had obtained the qualifications by chance. Xu Qing was one of them.

Hence, the overall number of participants wasn't fixed.

However, the number of forbidden mountains was limited.

With so many cultivators participating, it would increase the difficulty for the vast majority of cultivators who wanted to obtain the forbidden mountain. After all, they needed at least three mountains to meet the basic requirements.

This way, all the participants could only keep competing with each other to stack the number of forbidden mountains they had to reach the basic standard of passing.

However, the basic standard wasn't what the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race wanted.

What they wanted were experts. Hence, in order to make this competition even more intense, under the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven's Gu raising strategy, something like what Xu Qing and the captain had heard happened.

They would open some specific forbidden zones.

In the first segment of the hunt, following the temples' instructions, various affiliated races as well as influential figures under the three Great Priests would open the forbidden zones in their territories at specific times, allowing all participants to enter.

Moreover, they were not allowed to intervene in the hunting and looting actions of the participants, and had to promote them instead.

These opened forbidden zones were like flesh and blood vortices that kept appearing in many regions of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race.

With this, they would continue to give momentum to the first segment of the Grand Hunt until the best of the best were born.



However, due to the differences in geography and the timing of the openings of the forbidden zones, it was difficult for all participants to rush in immediately after the forbidden zone was opened.

Usually, it was the participants passing nearby who became aware of the opening and gathered there, so the number of participants varied.

At that moment, in the northwest region of the eighth region, a flesh and blood vortex was forming with the announcement from the Flame Moon's dignitary there.

This place was originally sealed, with a golden light barrier visible on the outside, covering everything and making it a private domain.

The forbidden zone inside occupied a vast territory, spanning half of the province, with a thick mist of anomalous substances enveloping it.

The level of the mutated beasts inside was also very high. Moreover, from the looks of it, the entire forbidden zone wasn't far from advancing to a forbidden region on its own.

From afar, within this forbidden zone, there were patches of jungle, poisonous rivers, eerie villages, and towering forbidden mountains that pierced the sky.

A dazzling palace floated above the tallest mountain peak.

Outside the palace, there were two rows of statues. On the huge seat in the deepest part, a tall figure was resting with one hand on his forehead.

This person looked middle-aged. His entire body shone with golden light and his aura was majestic. The fluctuations of his Soul Accumulation cultivation were obvious, as though it could suppress the world.

He was the owner of this forbidden zone, one of the dignitaries of the Flame Moon.

This time, he followed the orders of the temple to open his forbidden zone. At the same time, he was also somewhat interested in this batch of heaven's chosen.

Hence, he personally came to see if there were any good seedlings who would appear in his forbidden zone.

Additionally, there were some tacit rules accepted by all parties. Due to considerations of personal relationships, he also needed to make some arrangements.

Now that the time had arrived, the dignitary slightly opened and closed his eyes, taking a light breath.

This breath instantly caused the color of the sky to change and the wind to surge. The huge golden light barrier that enveloped the forbidden zone instantly collapsed and shattered into pieces.

It then transformed into roiling golden fog that headed toward the palace where the dignity was located.

It instantly swept over and entered the palace, rushing into his mouth.

"The forbidden zone has opened. Kids, perform well."

The Flame Moon dignitary calmly spoke. His voice was like thunder that rumbled in all directions.

As it echoed, at the next moment, the figures of the heaven's chosen of the Flame Moon's races appeared one after another in the surroundings of the forbidden zone. All of them moved with their full speed.

They rushed into the forbidden zone from different directions.

 In an instant, intense competition immediately erupted in the forbidden zone.

Here, regardless of whether it was fighting, robbing, death, or various other things, outsiders wouldn't interfere. Even that Flame Moon dignitary was only watching the show from the palace.

Very soon, there were casualties.

After all, not everyone chose to head to the forbidden mountain immediately. This was because they could obtain the forbidden mountain by killing and robbing others, hunting others was naturally simpler than fighting a group of people for it.

However, the energy waves from the battles were hidden in the forbidden zone. From outside, this forbidden zone was like a black hole that devoured everything. No sound or energy fluctuations spread out.

There was complete silence.

Time flowed by and soon, seven days passed. Every day, participants would rush over from various directions and disappear in the forbidden zone. There were also people who chose to leave.

However, what was strange was that the number of forbidden mountains inside didn't change much.

"It's a little boring."

In the palace in the forbidden zone, the Flame Moon dignitary yawned and shook his head.

Just as the Flame Moon dignitary felt that the show was boring, Xu Qing and the captain's figures were rapidly approaching from the sky 50 kilometers away from the forbidden zone.

They hadn't stopped on the way, so after seven days, they reached their destination.

As for the forbidden mountains above Xu Qing's head, it had increased from two to three.

Clearly, he had other gains on the way here.

'It's a little slow.'

Xu Qing muttered inwardly. The time he participated in the hunt was slow, and the speed at which he obtained the forbidden mountains was slow. Xu Qing felt that unless he could obtain a large harvest, he probably wouldn't have enough time to obtain a hundred mountains.

At the thought of this, Xu Qing lifted his head and stared at the silent forbidden zone in the distance. A cold glint flashed in his eyes as he rushed forward. The captain followed behind with a look of anticipation.

Just like that, after about fifteen minutes, the two of them finally arrived at the edge of the forbidden zone. The moment they stepped into the forbidden zone, the fog of anomalous substances swept over, drowning the two of them.

In the fog, Xu Qing's aura also changed, concealing him.

His movements were no longer bold and open. Instead, he crouched down and moved forward. Every time his figure was revealed, he would fuse into the surrounding jungle environment.

This method of moving forward was Xu Qing's instinct.

He had lived in the forbidden zone for a very long time and had interacted with all kinds of people in it, so he had developed this habit.

As for his forbidden mountains, after he stepped into the forbidden zone, they shrunk under the influence of external forces. Just like in Mystic Moon Square, they circled his head.

Looking at Xu Qing's figure in front of him, a hint of surprise appeared in the captain's eyes. This wasn't the first time he had seen Xu Qing moving forward like this in the forbidden zones but this time, he observed carefully.

Gradually, the movement of his body changed as well. Very soon, he learned some of Xu Qing's style. Together with Xu Qing, he crouched down and jumped forward on the branches.

This method allowed them to conceal themselves in the dark to a certain extent.

As he sped, Xu Qing also sensed that this place had a great influence on his divine consciousness. Even if he spread his divine consciousness with his full strength, it only covered a range of a few thousand feet.

To cultivators, they were used to being able to sense their surroundings with a sweep of their divine sense. It was inevitable that they would feel restricted in such an environment.

As for Little Shadow, it was still in a deep sleep and couldn't help at this moment.

However, Xu Qing felt that it was still alright. His familiarity with forbidden zones allowed him to obtain more information through the surrounding vegetation and achieve the effect of indirect vision.

Hence, as he hurried, Xu Qing observed his surroundings. He paid attention to the vegetation, the mutated beasts, and also noticed the distant mountains and the golden palace in the air.

"That palace feels incompatible with this place. There's a high chance that it's where that Flame Moon dignitary is. Looks like this important figure from the Flame Moon is a fan of watching shows."

The captain transmitted his voice softly.

"Little Qing, many people must have died here in the past seven days. I smell a very strong smell of blood."

Xu Qing nodded. His gaze swept across some flowers and plants on the ground in the surroundings. Among them was a grass called blood spirit, which appeared to be thriving particularly well.

This grass was born by absorbing the aura of death. Its branches and leaves would incline towards wherever death was present.

The instant Xu Qing looked over, the branches and leaves of the blood spirit grass on the ground instantly moved and pointed in one direction, swiftly undulating as if absorbing something.

There was no reaction from Xu Qing's divine consciousness but he sensed some fluctuations from the token the clay fox had given him. This caused him to fall into deep thought. He paused for a moment before hiding at the side.

The captain too squatted down on a branch and transformed into a worm, disappearing without a trace.

After about eight minutes, a rushing sound could be faintly heard from afar.

Xu Qing narrowed his eyes and waited silently.

Not long later, a speeding figure appeared in Xu Qing's vision.

This person was a youth from the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race. His cultivation was at the Spirit Repository realm but it was visibly unstable, clearly injured, with a downcast expression, and blood at the corner of his mouth.

At this moment, there was still anxiety in his eyes. When he arrived at the hiding place of Xu Qing, he paused for a moment, immediately checked the surroundings, found nothing, and became increasingly anxious. He was about to say something.

However, at this moment, the sound of metal crushing rang out from afar, sharp yet imbued with a sense of flames. In the next instant, a fiery figure enveloped in a sea of fire rushed toward the youth.

A cold voice echoed.

"Qiu Quezi, since we've met, it's moment to settle our old grudges. Where do you think you can escape to?"

As his voice rang out, the figure of the cultivator who arrived paused in mid-air and revealed himself. He was also from the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race and was also a youth. However, Xu Qing had never seen the flames on his body on other cultivators of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race.

There were two prohibited mountains circling above his head.

"Old grudges!" Qiu Quezi, who had been chased here, was furious.

"You know very well who should have a grudge against whom regarding the matter between us back then!"

With that, Qiu Quezi bowed in each directions with a pious expression and spoke loudly.

"Qiu Quezi, the captain of the Sunken Spirit Great Priest's Tent of the Star Flame Temple, respectfully welcomes the Star Flame Divine Envoy!"

As soon since he finished speaking, the expression of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven cultivator who was chasing after him changed and he looked around.

The surroundings were silent and there were no fluctuations.

A while later, Qiu Quezi's face turned a little pale. As for the Flame Moon cultivator who was chasing after him, he chuckled.

At the same time, in the golden palace in the air, the Flame Moon dignitary, who was holding his forehead with one hand, opened his eyes and revealed a hint of interest.

"Interesting."

As he spoke, he lifted his hand and pointed lightly at the location Xu Qing was hiding in the prohibited zone.































































Xu Qing didn't want to appear.

Although the token the clay fox had given him continued to vibrate and heat up, Xu Qing chose to ignore it and strengthen his concealment.

He had no obligation or necessity to get involved with unrelated individuals.

As for the divine envoy that the other party mentioned, Xu Qing was already used to it.

Ever since he pretended to be a divine envoy for the first time in the Holy Wave Large Region, he seemed to have an inexplicable connection with the identity of an envoy. It was the same in the Moon Offering Region. Now that he was in the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race, Xu Qing wasn't surprised by the same situation happening.

After all, he was indeed holding the token given by the clay fox.

However, he was still a little tempted by the two forbidden mountains above the head of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race cultivator who emitted a scorching aura.

Hence, his original plan was to wait for these two people's battle to end before he took action and took away the forbidden mountains.

However, all of these thoughts were forcefully changed by the finger of the Flame Moon dignitary in the palace.

As this finger landed, Xu Qing and the captain's cover were silently erased.

The captain's body returned to human form from the worm state. He squatted on a tree branch and muttered inwardly.

As for Xu Qing, his body had also become corporeal from its invisible state. He stood under the tree with a calm expression but in reality, waves were echoing in his heart.

The feeling of being forcefully dragged out made him even more vigilant.

Their appearance also caused the hearts of the two Flame Moon Mystic Heaven cultivators who were about to fight to tremble.



As the disadvantaged party, Qiu Quezi's reaction speed was naturally even faster. After seeing Xu Qing and the captain, his breathing became hurried and he immediately bowed respectfully.

"Greetings, Divine Envoy!"

At this moment, regardless of whether the person in front of him was a human or a member of his race, it wasn't important. What was important was the other party's identity. He had already confirmed this through his perception.

To him, this identity could save his life.

This was the main point.

As he bowed respectfully, the expression of the cultivator who was chasing also changed. However, they were from different temples, so he couldn't sense it accurately like Qiu Quezi, especially since Xu Qing had deliberately strengthened the concealment.

Additionally, Xu Qing and the captain's identity as humans caused this Flame Moon Mystic Heaven cultivator to feel intense doubt.

He had never seen or heard of a human divine envoy of the Star Flame Temple. To the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race, the vast majority of races in the Wanggu Continent were inferior races.

This included the human race.

If a lower race really became the divine envoy, it would definitely attract attention.

Also, the three forbidden mountains above Xu Qing's head also proved some things indirectly. If they were really divine envoys, why would they participate in the Grand Hunt?

However, he wasn't willing to gamble.

No matter what, the word 'divine envoy' still caused fear to rise in his heart. Hence, he retreated a little and stared at Xu Qing, his gaze flickering.

He wanted to give up on killing Qiu Quezi but was unwilling.

He wanted to attack, but wasn't sure.

This scene fell into the captain's eyes. He felt that it was very interesting. Among the two people from the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race, one bowed and the other hesitated.

'And there's someone watching the show from the sky...'

The captain lifted his head and glanced at the palace in the air.

Xu Qing was also annoyed. He didn't bother with Qiu Quezi who was greeting him. Instead, he looked at the hesitating cultivator and coldly spoke.

"Leave your forbidden mountains behind and leave."

As soon as he finished speaking, a cold glint flashed in the eyes of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven cultivator. He could tell that Xu Qing's cultivation level was only at the Spirit Repository. It was the same for the person beside him.

 Although such a cultivation was comparable to him, as a Flame Moon cultivator, very few people in the same realm could match him, especially the human race. Back then, when he was training in another region, he had also gone to the human race's territory and killed many so-called heaven's chosen there, even refining them.

This experience made him understand that most human cultivators were weak.

Hence, from the bottom of his heart, he was disdainful.

However, due to his doubts about the identity of the person, he was hesitating. Hence, he suppressed his killing intent and lifted his head. He looked at the golden palace hanging high in the sky and bowed.

"Lord, the divine envoy is demanding the forbidden mountains, and this is a violation of the rules, please make a decision."

As soon as these words were spoken, Qiu Quezi's heart skipped a beat. He had naturally seen what the other party had seen, and this question was like getting to the heart of the matter, very precise.

The rules of the Grand Hunt were that those without qualifications couldn't interfere.

Of course, there were still some loopholes, but they were limited.

In the golden palace in the sky, a smile appeared on the lips of the Flame Moon dignitary. His voice carried some dignity as it echoed in the ears of Xu Qing and the others.

"This person isn't a divine envoy..."

As soon as he finished speaking, the killing intent in the eyes of the Flame Moon cultivator, who was emitting heat from his entire body, intensified. His entire person was like an erupting volcano as he instantly approached Xu Qing.

Since the identity that he was afraid of had been proven to not exist, he wanted the forbidden mountains of the person in front of him.

However, most of the time, things didn't develop according to what people thought.

This Flame Moon cultivator rushed over confidently and aggressively. The instant he got close, Xu Qing disappeared in front of him. The Flame Moon cultivator only saw a cold glint flashing in the latter's eyes.

At the next instant, his head flew up. His body that had lost its head continued to move forward due to the momentum.

At the next instant, countless red threads erupted from the void, enveloping his body, covering his head, dyeing his world red.

After that, there was an indescribable pain of devouring the soul and the color of the world rapidly turning black.

Everything happened and ended in an instant.

He was reduced to ashes.

"…But you can't beat him." In the air, the dignified voice from the golden palace slowly rang out, finishing what he hadn't finished saying earlier.

Xu Qing's figure appeared again at this moment. He expressionlessly lifted his hand. The forbidden mountains of the Flame Moon cultivator whose soul he had devoured floated toward Xu Qing and circled above his head.

In addition to his original three, five forbidden mountains circled his head like a crown, causing Qiu Quezi's heart to rumble and his breathing to become hurried.

The scene in front of him subverted his understanding.

He knew that the old enemy who was chasing after him could be considered an outstanding figure among his peers. He was ruthless and had many methods. However, he was actually killed in an instant by this human in front of him.

This impact caused him to be in a daze. It was only when Xu Qing turned his head and glanced over that Qiu Quezi came back to his senses. He immediately lowered his head and revealed a respectful expression.

However, the trembling in his heart grew increasingly intense because he could sense Xu Qing's gaze.

Xu Qing took a closer look at Qiu Quezi. After confirming that this cultivator indeed didn't have a forbidden mountain, he retracted his gaze and walked into the distance.

The captain leaped down. When he passed by Qiu Quezi, he smiled.

"Your luck isn't bad."

With that, he caught up to Xu Qing and left as well.

Looking at Xu Qing and Xu Qing's backs, an unreal feeling rose in Qiu Quezi's heart. When he saw that the other party's figure was about to disappear, his breathing hastened slightly. He seemed to have thought of something and spoke loudly.

"Thank you for saving me, Fellow Daoists. I have two things to tell you about the human race."

Xu Qing stopped in his tracks and turned to look at Qiu Quezi in the distance.

Noticing that Xu Qing had stopped, Qiu Quezi quickly arrived and stopped 100 feet away as he respectfully spoke.

"Fellow Daoist, there are a total of 27 forbidden mountains in this forbidden zone."

"However, not all of the forbidden mountains can be fought over. There are merely ten that can be fought over."

"The remaining 17… have been internally decided."

At this point, Qiu Quezi glanced up at the golden palace in the sky.

"These 17 predetermined forbidden mountains have been allocated to some races and the outstanding heaven's chosen of my race. As long as they come, they can take them away. No one will dare to fight with them."

Xu Qing didn't say anything and waited for the Flame Moon cultivator to continue. This was because these words had nothing to do with the human race. The other party clearly wasn't talking about the unspoken rules in the forbidden mountain.

"And?" the captain asked.

"I realize that among the 17 forbidden mountains, one has been internally decided to be given to the Eldest Prince of the human race!"

Qiu Quezi spoke in a low voice.

Xu Qing's eyes narrowed.

The captain additionally revealed an interested expression.

"The Eldest Prince of the human race came to my Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race, seeking help to resolve the crisis of the human race, yet he faced rejection everywhere. In the end, he chose to participate in the Grand Hunt."

"Many races have heard of this matter. I personally admire this Eldest Prince of your human race very much. He probably wants to become a Mystic Heaven General and propose conditions to the Great Priests to resolve the crisis of the human race."

"Flame Moon additionally provided some convenience to him, which led to the arrangement of the designated forbidden mountain."

Xu Qing naturally couldn't compare to Qiu Quezi in terms of obtaining information about the Flame Moon.

"What happened next?" The captain continued to ask.

"But the Eldest Prince of your human race won't be able to arrive."

Qiu Quezi hesitated for a moment before speaking in a low voice.

"I additionally found out a few days ago that the Eldest Prince of your human race met the heir of King Mingnan on the way to this forbidden mountain."

"King Mingnan is the king of the Heavenly Cloud Great Priest's Tent under the Sun Flame God."

"His heir's talent is astonishing and his combat strength suppresses his peers. He's one of the great heaven's chosen of our Flame Moon, and has high reputation."

"Someone saw that the Eldest Prince of the human race along with some humans were captured and given to Prince Mingnan… to pull his carriage."

Qiu Quezi glanced at Xu Qing and lowered his head as he spoke.

"Therefore, the forbidden mountain that was set for the Eldest Prince no longer has an owner."

Xu Qing fell silent and lifted his head to look at the distant world. The captain's expression additionally darkened.

A long time later, Xu Qing slowly spoke.

"Then what's the situation of that forbidden mountain?"

Qiu Quezi took a deep breath and respectfully replied.

"The rule for obtaining these forbidden mountains is that they could merely be lifted after ten days. Right now, it has only been seven days since the forbidden zone was opened, so it is still there. However, because of the news that it has no owner, it has been occupied by other participants."

"Lead the way."

A cold glint rose in Xu Qing's eyes.































































Qiu Quezi noticed the coldness in Xu Qing's eyes and thought of his old enemy who had died earlier. Hence, he took a deep breath and immediately nodded, leading the way.

Xu Qing followed behind with a cold expression. The captain also put away his amused expression.

Although his feelings for the human race were faint, there were still some waves in his heart when he heard about such a thing.

"Human race…"

The captain sighed softly.

Just like that, the three of them moved deeper and deeper into the forbidden zone.

In the golden palace in the air, the corners of the Flame Moon dignitary's mouth curled up in joy.

"Now, this is interesting. Without blood and death, how can it be called the Grand Hunt?"

Time slowly passed. Two days later…

In the depths of the forbidden zone, on a towering tree, Xu Qing, the captain, and Qiu Quezi stood there and looked into the distance.

In the distance, a thin black mist pervaded between heaven and earth, rendering the world dim. On the barren land lay withered forests, shrouded in darkness, evoking a sense of eerie and malevolent presence.

Beyond these desolate forests lay a series of undulating peaks, resembling dormant dragons, altogether forming a majestic mountain range composed of twenty-seven peaks.

They passed through almost half of the forbidden zone.

Several peaks harbored black flames, sporadically erupting and spewing black mist that enveloped the surroundings. Meanwhile, streams of black magma flowed out from the peaks.



"Those are the forbidden mountains of this forbidden zone."

Qiu Quezi spoke in a low voice.

Xu Qing felt the heat mixed in the wind and narrowed his eyes.

He had seen many forbidden zones. Generally speaking, they were mainly cold. This was the first time he had encountered volcanic mountains in a forbidden zone.

"The ten mountains at the rear can be fought over by all the participants. As for the 17 mountains in front, they were decided internally as I said earlier."

"As for the one assigned to the Eldest Prince of the human race, it's… the ninth mountain."

Qiu Quezi lifted his hand and pointed ahead.

Xu Qing's gaze followed. From these mountains, he could sense a large number of auras coming from the participants who had gathered there.

The participants were on every mountain peak, especially on the ten at the rear which seemed even more diverse and complex.

The mountain peak Qiu Quezi was pointing to was the same.

Besides, these auras also gave off a tense atmosphere, as if on the brink of conflict, yet somehow restrained, not immediately erupting.

"There's still a day before the forbidden mountains here can be lifted. That's when the chaos will erupt."

A hint of battle intent appeared in Qiu Quezi's eyes. His mountain peak had already been snatched away and was now with Xu Qing.

He didn't dare to snatch it from Xu Qing. Hence, his target was the forbidden mountain here.

On the way, he also politely requested if he could fight for one, and hoped that Xu Qing wouldn't make things difficult for him.

Regarding this, Xu Qing agreed. Although he also needed the forbidden mountains, Qiu Quezi's information was valuable.

"Fellow Daoist Xu, we only need to wait patiently for a day."

Qiu Quezi circulated his cultivation base and his eyes gleamed. In his plan, there was no need to fight now because he felt that it was meaningless. It was useless even if they won. They needed to stay there for a day and it would attract the attention and siege of other cultivators.

In that case, the risk and difficulty would increase much more.

"When the last day is over and all the mountains can be taken away, we can rush out and leave immediately after snatching the target mountains."

"This way, the success rate will be higher. After all, the other mountains can also be taken away at that time, so they will naturally disperse everyone's targets."

 Xu Qing looked at the ninth mountain and shifted his gaze to the other mountains. The coldness in his eyes was intense as he calmly spoke.

"There's no need to go through so much trouble."

As he spoke, he leaped into the sky and headed straight for the mountain range.

Behind him, Qiu Quezi's expression changed. He knew Xu Qing was very strong and had witnessed it with his own eyes. However, he didn't think that the other party could face everyone at the same time.

If they waited, with Xu Qing's strength, Qiu Quezi was almost fully confident Xu Qing could obtain one forbidden mountain or even two. However, if he rashly rushed over and became the target of everyone, there would be many variables.

"Wha…"

Qiu Quezi panicked. Just as he was about to speak, the captain beside him chuckled, and flew past him, leaving behind a sentence.

"Your target is one or two, but my Junior Brother's target is all of them."

"All of them?" Qiu Quezi's heart trembled violently. Before he could fully process it, Xu Qing had already arrived in the air. He lifted his right hand and pressed it on his left shoulder, pulling outward.

The totemic tattoo on his body flickered and black flames erupted from his body, forming a sea of fire that spread into the sky.

At the same time, as the totem appeared, the Golden Crow rushed out and danced in the sea of fire, emitting an impassioned cry toward the world.

Its black body, phoenix appearance, and long tails of fire spread out, attracting the attention of the cultivators on the twenty-seven mountain peaks.

The instant they looked at the Golden Crow in the air, Xu Qing's right hand grabbed at it.

Immediately, the Golden Crow's cries became even more sharp. With a dash, it rapidly rushed toward Xu Qing's right hand. During the process, its body rapidly disintegrated and when it appeared in Xu Qing's right hand, it had turned into a black spear.

As soon as this spear appeared, bolts of lightning streaked in all directions, as though they wanted to tear through the sky. There was also a low roar emanating from the void, seemingly warning against its appearance in the world.

However, it was useless. The coldness in Xu Qing's eyes intensified. He threw the taboo spear toward the ninth mountain under the gaze of the golden palace and Qiu Quezi's shock.

The black spear was like a dragon, carrying an irresistible force as it drew a long black trail in the sky.

The lightning that spread out in the surroundings also chased over rapidly from all directions. They gathered around the spear and continued to circle it, augmenting it.

It stirred up a storm and a sharp sound tore through the air.

It headed straight for the ninth mountain.

Its aura was filled with an imposing dignity.

The next moment, the spear descended with unparalleled dominance and directly pierced the peak of the ninth mountain. As it pierced into the forbidden mountain, the heavens and earth roared with thunderous fury.

The deafening roar shook the surroundings as the entire mountain trembled violently. The earth churned, and circular shockwaves along with arcs of lightning spread out from the point where the spear struck, sweeping across the ninth mountain in an instant.

The hundred or so cultivators occupying the mountain had varying expressions. Some staggered backward, others showed expressions of shock and anger, while some furrowed their brows, unperturbed.

The cultivators from the other mountain peaks also focused their gazes. Many of them had unfriendly gazes.

At the same time, Xu Qing's voice came from the sky.

"Leave."

"After three breaths, all living people on this mountain will be killed."

The domineering spear strike and cold words might intimidate the weak. However, as participants of the Grand Hunt, these cultivators from the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race instead became stimulated, their killing intent rising.

This was especially so when they saw that the person in the air was a human.

Hence, in an instant, half of the hundred cultivators from the ninth mountain rose into the air.

"It's been a long time since I've seen such an arrogant human."

"You overestimate yourself."

"I want to see how you'll kill all the cultivators on this mountain."

Just as those cultivators from the mountain rushed out, Xu Qing lifted his right hand and pressed down on these cultivators.

The sky seemed to explode like lightning and three vast inverted mountains appeared in the sky.

One mountain was crimson like blood, another was icy like frost, and the third was ablaze with flames.

Any of these mountains surpassed the forbidden mountains on the ground. Their inverted appearance was like the edge of a sword, giving off an extreme sharpness.

There was also a dense pressure that erupted from these three mountains. It was none other than the Withering Flame Demon Magic True Self Dao.

After they appeared, the three inverted mountains suppressed the cultivators who flew out with the ninth mountain as the center.

This suppression formed a seal-like effect, causing some of the weaker cultivators in the crowd to cough up blood.

However, there were still experts, and there were quite a lot of them.

More than 20 of them were able to resist the pressure by using divine abilities and spells.

However… the Withering Flame Demon Magic True Self Dao wasn't Xu Qing's main attack this time. Its effect was only to create a certain level of sealing. At the next instant, Xu Qing's eyes became pitch-black.

The anomalous substances in the forbidden zone surged suddenly, drawn by him.

On the ninth mountain, the Poison Restriction erupted. Some with bad luck directly touched it and let out a gasp of horror before screaming miserably.

Their bodies turned into blood in the blink of an eye.

If it was in the outside world, Xu Qing's Poison Restriction power could only be considered normal. However, in the forbidden zone, the anomalous substances here could augment it!

Hence, as the poison mist churned, it became into a thick fog that rapidly spread in all directions. Due to the sealing effect formed by the descent of the three mountains, this poison fog directly surged up and enveloped the surroundings.

All the cultivators who hadn't left the mountain were enveloped.

From afar, the fog looked like a huge pillar, connecting to the inverted mountains and forming a storm. Heart-rending wails rang out continuously.

As for Xu Qing's seal, it wasn't just that. He waved his right hand; immediately, countless red soul threads rushed out and surrounded the fog storm, spinning rapidly, stopping anyone who wanted to escape.

He was going to kill these cultivators.

The poison grew denser and denser. The anomalous substances in the forbidden zone were drawn over by a large amount, and the poison fog became increasingly powerful.

The heart-rending sounds became more ear-piercing and the rumbling echoed.

One could imagine that the cultivators trapped in the fog must be in extreme despair at this moment. As their bodies rapidly rotted, they erupted with all their might.

However, Xu Qing's poison belonged to the power of gods. If the conditions were sufficient, even gods would be invaded.

Even though Xu Qing couldn't display enough at this moment, with the enhancement of the anomalous substances in the forbidden zone, unless someone's cultivation had reached the Soul Accumulation realm, he could still kill them with his current strength.

Hence, this process didn't last long. In the end, the three inverted mountains collapsed and shattered into pieces, and three to five cultivators rushed out.

However, as the poison fog spread out, the vast majority of cultivators had already turned into blood.

From afar, it was raining blood on the ninth mountain. The mountain gradually became from black to purple.

As for the few who escaped, they were screaming and shouting. Their bodies rotted at a speed visible to the naked eye until they became into blood and landed in other places.

Xu Qing didn't bother with them. At that moment, he was walking in the air. Amidst the huge waves in the hearts of the cultivators on the other mountains, he walked step by step to the empty ninth mountain that was drenched in blood. He then walked to his spear and sat down cross-legged.

The wind blew over, bringing with it the smell of blood.

Xu Qing lifted his head and took a profound breath.

The familiar smell reminded him of the massacres in the past.

He observed around.

All around, there was silence.































































All the participants on the other 26 mountain peaks focused their gazes on Xu Qing.

They had killed many people since they started cultivating. However, what happened earlier still caused quite a stir in their hearts.

This was a sealed slaughter and also a poison attack.

Sealed slaughter showed his ruthlessness, and the poison attack showed his viciousness..

This was especially so for the latter…

Xu Qing's poison shocked everyone. They could sense how terrifying this poison was.

After one's cultivation reached a certain level, they would gain a high resistance to poison, and were even immune to many types of poison.

Hence, they usually ignored poison.

Today, after seeing this extremely powerful poison with their own eyes, their understanding of poison was refreshed.

"Drawing the anomalous substances here…"

"This poison isn't an ordinary poison. This is a god's poison."

"I've heard of a poison that is related to gods. It's called a divine curse…"

"Only a divine spell can neutralize the divine curse."

The gazes of the cultivators looking at the ninth mountain more or less revealed some fear. However, at the same time, they couldn't help but feel greed.

This wasn't a contradiction.

This was because on the ninth mountain, as Xu Qing sat cross-legged, the forbidden mountains continued to fall around him.

Some of the people who came here to snatch the mountains already owned one or multiple forbidden mountains. After Xu Qing poisoned and killed all the ninth mountain's cultivators, the forbidden mountains that originally belonged to them became without owners.



Now that they landed, Xu Qing grabbed them all.

There were a total of 22 of them!

In addition to Xu Qing's original five, there were now 27 shrunken forbidden mountains circling above Xu Qing's head.

They were densely packed and were connected by lightning, emitting a dense pressure.

It was incomparably eye-catching and tempting.

The current Xu Qing was already equivalent to this forbidden zone in value.

There were only 27 forbidden mountains in the forbidden zone and so many people wanted to fight to the death to snatch them. However, Xu Qing alone had 27…

Which one was easier to obtain, and which one offered greater rewards? Different people had different opinions.

Hence, after a short period of silence, the greed in the many gazes that were looking at Xu Qing grew increasingly intense.

However, before they could find a way to suppress Xu Qing's poison, they wouldn't attack him.

The captain and Qiu Quezi also arrived at the ninth mountain and appeared beside Xu Qing.

The captain looked around. He knew that Xu Qing had a history of slaughtering, and he had witnessed them as well.

However, such scenes had decreased recently.

Hence, he was somewhat excited to see it again.

Qiu Quezi, however, was completely shocked. He stood there in a daze for a long time, his heart churning at the stench of blood. When he looked at Xu Qing's back view, he felt even more reverence.

The Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race was a race that respected the strong to begin with.

In the golden palace in the air, the Flame Moon dignitary also leaned forward and his gaze landed on Xu Qing below.

"I originally thought that this human kid was just a killing star. I didn't expect… him to be a malignant star!"

 "This Grand Hunt has become even more interesting. Those brats from Flame Moon should also be properly stimulated."

The Flame Moon dignitary smiled and thought of the poison.

"I haven't seen it before, but from the aura, it comes from the Divine Realm. This kid's ruthless to control such a poison."

While the cultivators from the other peaks were paying attention to the 27 forbidden mountains above Xu Qing's head, Xu Qing was also counting the forbidden mountains above their heads.

There were few forbidden mountains with the cultivators on the rear nine mountains, while the number of forbidden mountains with the cultivators on the predesignated mountains varied.

Xu Qing narrowed his eyes.

The captain understood Xu Qing. At that moment, he noticed Xu Qing's expression and smiled.

What he had told Qiu Quezi earlier wasn't the 27 forbidden mountains in this forbidden zone but all the mountains of all the cultivators here!

'A total of 213.'

Xu Qing mumbled inwardly. He could also tell that most of the cultivators here were at the Spirit Repository level. Although there were some at the Nihility Realm, there weren't many. Moreover, the highest level was at the second stage of the Nihility Realm.

He licked his lips and spoke softly.

"How many hours before the mountains here can be lifted?"

When Qiu Quezi heard this, he immediately replied in a low voice.

"There's still 26 hours!"

Xu Qing nodded and closed his eyes to wait.

He wasn't an unreasonable person, and it was Old Master Seventh who taught him this good habit of reasoning.

As for whatever happened after the reasoning, he would be at ease.

Hence, Xu Qing planned to ask everyone if they wanted to leave when the time was up.

Just like that, a day passed.

Throughout the day, the gazes from the other mountain peaks occasionally gathered towards the ninth mountain, especially from those cultivators on the predesignated mountains.

There were also some who seemed to be transmitting their voices to each other.

This scene made Qiu Quezi a little nervous, so he instinctively looked at Erniu.

After discovering that the other party still had a relaxed expression, he felt a little uncertain.

All of this was completely different from what he had imagined.

Even though he knew that the two humans in front of him were very strong, it was obvious that the people here were eyeing the floating forbidden mountains. There was a high chance that they were calling people over.

If this continued, they might not only face these cultivators here.

It was very likely that a true great heaven's chosen would arrive.

He couldn't help but remind them.

The captain smiled but didn't speak.

Xu Qing still had his eyes closed. However, his divine sense swept past his ancient sun and he continued to meditate.

When there were only two hours left, someone chose to attack!

The person who attacked wasn't a cultivator from any of the mountain peaks here but a figure who rushed over from afar.

His entire body was covered in white scales and the third eye on his forehead revealed his race.

The Baize Race.

His appearance immediately attracted the attention of the cultivators from the other peaks.

"Baize Race's Tian Lingzi!"

"It's actually him!"

"As one of the famous heaven's chosen of the Baize Race, I heard that Tian Lingzi's cultivation speed is astonishing. He reached Nihility in less than 60 years. People say that he will definitely reach the Soul Accumulation realm in the future. He even had the fortune to meet the Heavenly Cloud Great Priest!"

While the hearts of the cultivators here were in turmoil, the aura of the Baize cultivator spread out in the air, forming endless ferocity, causing the sky and earth to change color and the entire world to become darker.

In this darkness, the long marks of laws flowed in his eyes and a huge phantom of a face flickered behind him, alternating between reality and illusion, with reality dominating most of it.

It was the second stage of Nihility, and it was at the peak stage.

Above his head, there were over a hundred forbidden mountains that emitted a terrifying pressure.

Tian Lingzi swept his gaze across before looking towards the ninth mountain with a cold expression.

At the same time, dozens of Baize Race cultivators flew out from the other mountain peaks and arrived beside Tian Lingzi.

After greeting him, they whispered something to him before pointing at Xu Qing.

"The god's poison can be neutralized by using items related to gods."

Tian Lingzi calmly spoke. With a raise of his hand, a bronze incense burner appeared above his head.

The ancient incense burner exuded astonishing fluctuations, causing everything around to blur and suppressing the anomalous substances, while the intent of a god became exceedingly apparent.

Clearly, this item was closely related to a god.

As it floated above Tian Lingzi's head, green smoke curled up from it for a thousand feet before spreading out, cascading down like a waterfall and forming rings of smoke that enveloped Tian Lingzi.

The surrounding Baize Race members all had fanatical expressions as they lowered their heads.

Like a Divine Son, Tian Lingzi calmly walked toward the ninth mountain where Xu Qing was.

The gazes from the other mountain peaks also focused on him.

Under these gazes, Tian Lingzi stepped into the ninth mountain. The poison fog covering the mountain actually couldn't instantly penetrate the rings of smoke and was blocked outside.

He moved forward in the poison fog.

All the cultivators who saw this scene were shocked. Qiu Quezi was also shocked. He had heard of this person.

Although he was from the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race and had a high status, he had to admit that the other party's reputation was even greater. He was the heaven's chosen with the fastest cultivation speed in the Baize Race in the past hundred years.

Hence, he couldn't help but look at Xu Qing and the captain.

The captain was still relaxed. Although Xu Qing had opened his eyes, the first thing he saw was not Tian Lingzi who was walking over but the incense burner above his head. Finally, he dropped his gaze and gazed at Tian Lingzi.

Tian Lingzi's expression didn't change at all as he walked over step by step. As he got closer, the pressure from his body became increasingly intense. His aura was like a rainbow, and every step he took caused the mountain peak to tremble.

Wherever he passed, the poison fog in the surroundings would disperse on its own, not affecting him at all.

Killing intent and domineeringness were also revealed on his body.

However, in reality, there were also waves in Tian Lingzi's heart at this moment. This was because he could clearly sense that this poison fog was even more ferocious than he had imagined. It seemed to have no effect on him but in reality, its invasion persisted.

Moreover, through his perception of the incense burner, he had a premonition that his incense burner could only last for an hour at most. There was a high chance that he wouldn't be able to stop the poison after that.

'This divine curse is extraordinary.'

'But an hour is enough.'

The cold glint in Tian Lingzi's eyes intensified. At that moment, he was still 3,000 feet away from Xu Qing. He suddenly sped up and his entire person was like a meteor that could destroy the world as he rapidly approached Xu Qing.

Like a hot knife through butter, everything was destroyed. The mountain rumbled and the rocks turned to dust. It was as though all light in the world had disappeared. Only this meteor became the only focus.

Qiu Quezi's expression changed and the cultivation base in his body rose. The captain yawned. Xu Qing's expression remained unchanged throughout. He lifted his right hand and, looking at the incoming meteor, pointed a finger to his own forehead, hovering three inches away from it.

Instantly, numerous black lines appeared on his forehead, densely packed and varied in thickness, resembling blood vessels converging at this point, intertwining to form a sinister ghostly face.

As his finger hovered in the air, the ghostly face seemed to ignite like a lantern, emitting underworld flames.

From afar, it was as though a ghost lantern had emerged between Xu Qing's brows!

Tian Lingzi was still 2,700 feet away.

Xu Qing's finger swiped across and landed on his left shoulder.

At the next moment, black blood vessels rapidly gathered on his shoulder, and a second ghost lantern appeared.

The underworld fire swayed. When Tian Lingzi was 2,300 feet away, Xu Qing's finger landed on his other shoulder, then his dantian, then his legs. Finally, the place it landed on was his heart.

All the hand seals were completed in an instant.

The seven underworld fire lanterns burned in Xu Qing's body.

As his aura soared, a curse power spread out from the seven ghost lanterns, transforming into seven sinister ghost faces with different emotions.

It was a taboo art that came from the Ruler Li Zihua, and was mastered by his fourth son. Xu Qing also simulated and mastered it.

Seven Lanterns Underworld Fire Curse!

This was a curse that would definitely kill!

Xu Qing's gaze was cold. He gazed at Tian Lingzi, who had already emerged 100 feet away from him with a monstrous aura but a slightly changed expression.

"When the lantern goes out, so does the person."































































Xu Qing's cold voice echoed through the forbidden zone, sweeping across the heavens and earth like the wind of death passing through the mortal realm, yet also akin to the beckoning light of the underworld, calling forth lost souls.

His body gathered a majestic force, seated atop the ninth mountain, with countless red soul threads spreading behind him, exuding a blood-red aura akin to that of a devil.

The ghost faces formed by the seven underworld fire lanterns on his body spread out of his body and circled in the surroundings, looking bizarre and eerie.

Coupled with his handsome face and long hair, Xu Qing truly looked peerless at this moment.

That aura that could destroy anything caused the sky to change color and the wind to howl.

When Tian Lingzi saw this scene, his heart couldn't help but tremble. Thunder rumbled in his mind and his expression changed drastically. An extremely intense sense of life-and-death crisis that had never appeared before surged in his mind.

It was like an avalanche, drowning his mind. It was as though every piece of flesh and every inch of bone in his body was screaming at him at this moment.

Danger, danger, danger!

All his senses and consciousness transmitted a sense of danger at this moment. In the end, they gathered together and formed an even greater wave.

The smoke rings outside his body also rippled and distorted.

Tian Lingzi's breathing became hurried and he paused, wanting to retreat and distance himself from this strange human.

However, it was too late.

Xu Qing coldly looked at Tian Lingzi. With a raise of his hand, the poisonous fog that permeated the ninth mountain rose rapidly, forming a vortex.

The black poison fog storm emitted a destructive and terrifying aura that blotted out the sky, transforming into a huge demon face. It opened its ghastly mouth and ruthlessly pressed down on the incense burner above Tian Lingzi's head.



The incense burner shook and the smoke rings that fell like a waterfall became increasingly distorted.

This suppression wasn't over. The invasion of the poison fog became even more ferocious and descended again, blocking all of Tian Lingzi's escape paths.

At the same time, the seven flickering lanterns in Xu Qing's body reflected Tian Lingzi's figure as they swayed. After that… one was extinguished.

The instant this lantern was extinguished, Tian Lingzi's pupils contracted and a huge storm stirred in his mind. His internal organs suddenly felt intense pain, as if a sharp dagger was invisibly piercing and tearing through his body.

A loud scream rang out from his mouth.

Despite spewing forth seven or eight mouthfuls of blood consecutively, he couldn't alleviate the agony. Horrified, he staggered, his entire demeanor collapsing, no longer adorned in regal attire but instead covered in filth as if a lowly ant, pressed down upon the earth.

His body showed signs of aging, and the flames of his life dimmed as though they were being buried in dust.

"You…" As Tian Lingzi's heart churned intensely, Xu Qing extinguished the second lantern.

The instant the lantern was extinguished, an even more miserable wail rang out from Tian Lingzi's mouth. Many cuts appeared on his body and under the dense intersection, it was as though he was about to be slashed into a thousand pieces. A large amount of blood flowed out from the cuts, dyeing his scales and his robe red.

His hair withered, and his scales fell off, turning into ashes.

As for his cultivation base, it was as though it had been stripped away and his aura continued to decrease.

The feeling of certain death surfaced intensely in Tian Lingzi's heart. Fortunately, the power of the incense burner was still there to protect him, and barely isolated this feeling of certain death.

However, he was panicking. Endless terror and the envelopment of death made him feel like a lone boat on a raging wave. At this moment, he suddenly fled, not hesitating to burn his cultivation base to leave this terrifying ninth mountain.

Xu Qing didn't stop him because… the other party couldn't escape.

He coldly stared at the heaven's chosen of the Baize Race and the crumbling incense burner above his head. The third, fourth, and fifth lanterns in his body… were extinguished one after another.

With every extinguished lantern, Tian Lingzi, who was escaping, screamed miserably. His body and soul were withering.

In the blink of an eye, six of the seven lanterns were extinguished.

There were also a million soul threads that rushed past Xu Qing's back, heading straight for the incense burner.

Finally, with a cracking sound, a crack appeared on the incense burner. Under the enhancement of the Poison Restriction, Xu Qing's Seven Lanterns Underworld Fire Curse, and the soul threads, this treasure finally couldn't last and became dim.

The cascading smoke rings also stopped for a moment. One ring disappeared.

The Poison Restriction invaded through this gap.

 At the next moment, Tian Lingzi's retreating figure suddenly trembled and fell from the sky, smashing into the ground.

He had reached the foot of the ninth mountain.

As he lay there, his entire body was covered in sweat that contained corrosion, melting half of his body.

Not only was his body and soul heavily injured by the lanterns dimming, but the power of the Poison Restriction also spread in his body, corroding his flesh and blood and shattering his spirit, causing the black gas in his entire body to spread.

The indescribable pain caused Tian Lingzi to lose the strength to scream.

The feeling of death rose from his entire body, accompanied by an extremely strong stench. Hesitation, trepidation, horror, and various other emotions drowned his mind.

It was as though the world had lost its vitality in his eyes. Only the flames of his life were left.

He had thought that one day he would die, but in his imagination, it was after he became a Soul Accumulation cultivator, falling in battle during the Baize Race's campaigns against external foes.

When he died, he would leave a deep mark in the records, letting future generations know that there was once an era when an expert called Tian Lingzi appeared in their race.

The scene today was something he never expected. Hence, unwillingness and madness began to rise in the flames of his life, trying to reverse the situation.

Xu Qing removed this hope as he extinguished the last lantern in his body. He then closed his eyes.

As the flames extinguished, a gust of wind blew over, extinguishing the last of Tian Lingzi's fire of life.

All his unwillingness became lingering sounds.

All the madness returned to calm.

When the lantern was extinguished, so was the person.

The corpse at the foot of the mountain also turned into ashes under the influx of soul threads. They scattered in the wind and landed on the other mountain peaks…

The surroundings fell silent again.

Different from the silence from before, it was now… a dead silence where even the breathing stopped.

Countless gazes that were filled with horror seemed to have lost their ability to move. They landed on the ninth mountain and on Xu Qing, who had been sitting cross-legged from the start.

"Tian Lingzi… died?"

"The heaven's chosen of the Baize Race…"

"Who, who the hell is this person? When did such a heaven's chosen appear in the human race?!"

A long time later, an uproar broke out in all directions.

"I think I saw records of his divine power in an ancient book…"

"That's a Ruler's spell. It can only be used by someone with the bloodline of a Ruler!"

"Seven Lanterns, Underworld Fire Curse!"

"It is the Dao of one of the rulers who appeared at the peak of the human race, Li Zihua!"

As one of the super races in the Wanggu Continent, the comprehensive knowledge of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race greatly surpassed the other races. Even though Xu Qing had used an ancient art, someone still found the source.

While this uncontrollable gasp and shock filled the air, on the ninth mountain, Qiu Quezi's heart was also trembling.

The gaze with which he looked at Xu Qing was already one of complete submission.

He didn't know how many cards this human had up his sleeve and how strong he was.

What happened today even gave him the illusion that… the other party was like a black hole that could devour everything.

The captain was also surprised. He glanced at Xu Qing a few times. This was the first time he had seen Xu Qing using the Seven Lanterns Underworld Fire Curse.

'This kid has learned to hide. This won't do, I have to put in more effort!'

Even the expression of the Flame Moon dignitary in the golden palace in the air changed. His gaze landed on Xu Qing as he fell into deep thought.

"Some time ago, something major happened in the Moon Offering Region. A few humans killed a god…"

Amidst everyone's shock, the shrunken forbidden mountains slowly descended from the air and ultimately floated above Xu Qing's head.

Together with his 27, there were a total of 139 forbidden mountains.

They were connected by lightning, forming a single entity. At the same time, endless pressure spread out from it.

Such a large number of forbidden mountains caused waves in everyone's hearts again. They knew that Xu Qing was very strong but the temptation of more than a hundred mountains and Xu Qing having no background was still tempting.

This was especially so for the cultivators on the predesignated mountains. Their greed grew even more, but they chose to restrain it and wait.

It was also at this moment that the ten-day limit of this forbidden zone reached its limit and disappeared.

The moment it dissipated, it was as though a cage had opened. The aura of the outside world followed, and the ground rumbled and trembled. The 27 forbidden mountains also automatically severed their connection with the forbidden zone.

The voice from the golden palace echoed at this moment.

"Mountain moving, begin."

As soon as these words were spoken, it was as though a horn of slaughter and competition had been blown. No one paid attention to Xu Qing anymore. Even though they were still greedy, the most important thing now was to take away the mountains they were on.

However, just as all the cultivators here erupted with their nurturing bases and killing intent flashed in their eyes, Xu Qing slowly opened his eyes.

It was time.

He lifted his right hand and waved it. At the next instant, the sky darkened and clouds surged. An presence that caused the entire forbidden zone to tremble manifested in the sky, suppressing the ground.

The expressions of everyone in the forbidden zone changed again.

In the sky, a pitch-black and vast prison slowly appeared, covering the sky and enveloping the forbidden zone.

Countless bolts of lightning swam in the surroundings, and wails that came from the void spread in all directions.

Majestic, eerie, bloody, oppressive—these were the sensations that the prison instilled in everyone.

The ground quaked, and the prison pierced through the mountains, landing on the earth.

The twenty-seven forbidden mountains and the surrounding area were all imprisoned within.

At that moment, sinister laughter rang out from the prison. A stone lion danced within a cell and manifested gigantic figures.

A head rolled, emitting both crying and eerie laughter.

A millstone spun, squeezing out endless streams of blood.

A straw doll wove straw, creating countless small figures, each one wailing.

An old painter seemed to have gone mad, brandishing his brush and ink, depicting the death of every cultivator within the forbidden mountains.

There was also… a huge finger that pierced through many cells.

A god's presence erupted from It.

It was the complete D132.

Xu Qing's voice moreover echoed at this particular moment.

"Within three breaths, all living beings here will die."

As he himself spoke, the prison gate of D132 slowly opened.

This was the gate of life and death.































































The gate of life and death had two meanings.

Within three breaths, those willing to leave this gate had chosen life.

Those who remained had chosen death.

This was the first meaning.

The second meaning was the special ability contained in D132 after it was complete.

That was the divine authority of misfortune, as well as the domain of forgetfulness.

The divine authority could cause the people here to fall into endless misfortune after the gate is closed. In the end, their only outcome was death.

The domain of forgetfulness would then make them forget that they were dead. They would be filled with misfortune until they became bizarre beings.

The head, the stone lion, and the others were such bizarre creatures.

To a certain extent, they were a product of the accidental fusion of gods and immortal domain.

After all, the divine authority came from the gods and the domain was a power researched by the cultivators to resist the gods.

This was the display of D132's true ability after it was complete. Other than that, D132 had also reached the extreme in terms of sealing.

Unless one had the ability to resist misfortune and forgetfulness at the same time, or forcefully blasted it open with higher strength, they wouldn't be able to leave this place.

This was also Xu Qing's plan. He was reasonable, so he opened the gate, giving the cultivators here time to leave.

This scene landed in the air outside D132. The eyes of the Flame Moon dignitary narrowed slightly.

He could naturally tell how extraordinary this prison was and could also sense the killing intent from the beings inside.



He was faced with a choice now.

Should he intervene?

"Why should I intervene? The goal of the Grand Hunt was originally to select the seeds of the race, and in this world, it's survival of the fittest. The rise and fall are up to fate. The arrival of such a powerful human will only stimulate these prideful youths within the race even more."

"Moreover, I wonder if this human brat was taught by someone else. He's quite methodical in his actions. He opened the gate first and gave others a chance to leave."

The Flame Moon dignitary thought about it and smiled. The gaze he used to look at Xu Qing finally had a hint of admiration. He could also foresee that his forbidden zone would be covered in blood.

"Not bad, interesting."

The Flame Moon dignitary chose not to interfere. Hence, the cultivators from the Flame Moon race and its affiliated races in D132 now had a choice in front of them.

Leave or stay?

If it was before Xu Qing sealed the ninth mountain and killed the cultivators on it with poison, everyone would ignore his words and choose to stay.

However, after witnessing Xu Qing massacre the ninth mountain's cultivators and using a mysterious art that killed by extinguishing the lanterns to kill Tian Lingzi, his words carried the weight of authority.

And the actions of the bizarre beings like the head, and witnessing the god's finger, all of which contributed to the strangeness, were also the source of unsettling feelings.

In the end, 30% of the cultivators gritted their teeth and sped up, giving up on fighting here and heading straight for D132's exit.

After all, not everyone was willing to risk it all at this moment.

Their departure wasn't stopped. In an instant, they flew out one after another and left the prison.

A portion of the remaining 70% emitted coldness and killing intent. Based on their own confidence and the advantage in numbers, they felt that they could take a chance.

As members of the Flame Moon Race, their upbringing instilled in them the ideology of killing and competing. As long as the benefits were significant enough, they were willing to take the risk and fight for them.

Clearly, the value of the forbidden mountains above Xu Qing's head had already surpassed the forbidden zone itself. Hence, in terms of benefits, it was enough.

Additionally, there were some who were hesitating. Seeing that people had safely left, they were still choosing inwardly but it was already too late.

Three breaths passed.

 D132's prison gate instantly closed. A loud boom echoed out, and the stone lion, the head, and other prisoners cheered in unison to welcome their new cellmates.

The bizarre aura suddenly erupted from D132.

The god's finger rolled and collided with the prison, causing the entire prison to tremble. At this moment, It emitted endless blood energy that spread in all directions.

D132's appearance changed, turning into a blood-red underworld.

The intent of misfortune spread out from every inch of the prison, dyeing the ground and invading the 27 forbidden mountains within it. The anomalous substances that originally belonged to this place were instantly devoured by the god's finger and became a part of D132.

It might be much inferior to the other gods in terms of combat strength and lived an aggrieved life, but It was a god after all. It was much better than Xu Qing at some basic operations unique to gods.

In an instant, everything inside D132 became one.

The intent of misfortune erupted.

Some unbelievable things started happening to the hundreds of people who stayed here.

For example, someone's old injuries, due to deviation in their cultivation, were unexpectedly reignited. The probability of this happening should have been extremely low, but it still occurred.

Under the eruption of these injuries, this cultivator immediately spewed blood.

Someone had just taken out a magic artifact, but this magic artifact actually exploded due to the instability that only had a 1 in a 10,000 chance of happening.

When someone consumed some antidotes, they strangely took the wrong pill. Not only did it not have any detoxifying effects, but it instead made it easier for the poison to invade their bodies.

There were people who flew to the air but were affected by the fragments formed by the explosion of the magic artifacts at the side. Although they dodged, dozens of magic artifacts had exploded, and the terrifying energy affected many people.

Someone activated their divine art, but there was a strange deviation. This deviation that shouldn't have happened caused the spell to backfire.

Some forcefully attempted to perform extremely lethal spells or use powerful magic artifacts. While normally manageable and controllable, now all sorts of accidents occurred, causing each spell or magic artifact to be unstable.

All the cultivators from the Flame Moon Race in D132 fell into chaos. The various accidents that happened to them could only be described as misfortune.

They immediately realized that something was amiss. Some of them who were experienced and knowledgeable instantly recognized it and cried out involuntarily.

"Misfortune… This is divine authority!"

As soon as these words were spoken, the expressions of all the cultivators here changed drastically. Only Xu Qing sat calmly on the ninth mountain. The captain sat beside him with a smile on his face.

As for Qiu Quezi, he was stunned again.

At the same time, these cultivators quickly found a solution.

"After killing that strange human, we will naturally be able to resolve this issue!"

Numerous gazes filled with killing intent gathered from all directions. After that, all the figures here quickly flew out and rushed toward Xu Qing.

Although they were only moving, all kinds of accidents still happened. In fact, they even indirectly came into contact with spells for no reason, resulting in casualties.

However, on the whole, the killing intent was intense as it rapidly approached Xu Qing.

It was just that… they didn't know that misfortune was only a portion of D132's power. The domain of forgetfulness… had unknowingly tainted this place.

Moreover, the closer they got to Xu Qing, the more intense the invasion.

In the blink of an eye, its effect manifested. Those cultivators who were closest to Xu Qing, only 2,000 feet away from him, had endured numerous strokes of misfortune and were about to charge.

However, at the next instant, their expressions revealed confusion. They instinctively paused and stood in the air.

They had forgotten their goal.

After that, even more cultivators forgot their motive and forgot they were rushing toward Xu Qing. Some even forgot the reason they were here.

They also forgot about the Grand Hunt…

Confusion became the main theme here. Even though they gazed at each other and occasionally recalled something, as the power of forgetfulness grew stronger, they forgot even more.

Misfortune also chuckled sinisterly and erupted from their bodies again.

Death continued to appear. Many corpses of cultivators who had died due to various accidents fell from the sky.

However, in the end, there were still cultivators who relied on their talent or special treasures and bloodlines to barely maintain their clarity under the enhancement of misfortune and forgetfulness and spoke anxiously.

"This is misfortune and forgetfulness. Everyone, disperse. Don't get close to each other and don't cast any unnecessary spells. Keep only one thing in your mind, continuously repeat it: kill the human! Shout it out loud, and use the echo of your voice to remind others of the constantly fading consciousness!"

"Kill the human!"

"Kill the human!!"

"Kill the human!!!"

In the sky, all the cultivators of the Flame Moon Race were panting. In this crisis, in this life-and-death situation, in this bizarre situation, all of them shouted the same phrase.

Even if someone forgot, they would still remember instinctively when they heard this.

Under this instinct, all the Flame Moon cultivators charged toward Xu Qing.

At the same time, the rolling impact of the god's finger was like thunder.

The stone lion danced even more wildly.

The head's strange laughter became even more ear-piercing.

The rotation of the millstone had formed a vortex.

The small dolls created by the straw doll continued to distort.

As for the painting old man, his expression was crazy. He had already drawn the portraits of everyone here. Finally, he turned around and knelt down toward Xu Qing, shouting.

"Great Guardian, the criminals are rioting. Please suppress them!"

The stone lion, the head, the straw doll, and the millstone also halted what they were doing at this instant. They knelt down and shouted the same words.

"Great Guardian, the criminals are rioting. Please suppress them!"

"Please suppress them!"

As soon as their words rang out, the color of the sky changed and a storm brewed. Xu Qing lifted his chief and stood up from his cross-legged position, lifting his right hand.

On the black spear in front of him, the Golden Crow let out a cry and black flames erupted. The spear flew back and was grabbed by Xu Qing.

A chill rose in Xu Qing's eyes. He lifted his right foot and took a step forward!

He headed straight for the sky!

The captain also stretched his back and grinned at Qiu Quezi.

"Little Quezi, if you don't make a move now, the forbidden mountain you want will be gone."

The captain licked his lips and rushed over.

The massacre had begun.































































The world was dark, filled with misfortune and forgetfulness.

The proliferation of anomalous substances blurred the surroundings, creating an overwhelming sense of overlapping that caused everyone to experience visual confusion, affecting their mental state.

The endless wailing and forgetfulness were like the wind, blowing incessantly, taking away the past but failing to return the future.

This was Xu Qing's battlefield.

After D132's divine authority and domain erupted, 60% of the hundreds of cultivators had died.

The corpses of those who died landed on the ground and appeared in the cells. They were clearly dead but they forgot it. Now, they were in a daze and became D132's prisoners who were neither alive nor dead.

What awaited them was an eternal nightmare.

As for the remaining hundred or so people in the air, although they were still persisting, they were all tortured by forgetfulness. They needed to keep on shouting and use the lingering sounds to remind themselves.

At the same time, misfortune never left them. Regardless of spells or magic treasures, they faced countless unexpected accidents the moment they were activated.

All of this caused them to only be able to unleash 30 to 40% of their combat strength which was already astonishing.

From this, one could see how terrifying the complete D132 was.

As for the calls from the stone lion, head, and others, they were filled with bizarreness and fanaticism. Xu Qing answered their worship and held the black spear. As D132's guardian, he stepped into the sky.

To suppress the chaos.

In an instant, he appeared in front of a Baize cultivator and slammed into him ruthlessly.

The Baize cultivator, who had a dazed expression and had just forgotten his motive, was instinctively shocked. He cast spells and used magic treasures, wanting to resist, but the unexpected arrival caused his spells to become unstable and his magic treasures to self-destruct.



Forgetfulness made him forget his misfortune. Hence, in his daze, Xu Qing directly collided with him.

Flesh and blood flew everywhere.

Blood landed on Xu Qing's fluttering hair before sliding down. Xu Qing calmly walked toward another person. He brandished the spear and at the next instant, a head soared into the air.

From afar, a loud rumbling echoed in the sky. Some of these prisoners were counterattacking, while others were trembling in fear. While they still remembered, they turned around and used their own methods to escape.

Some teleported successfully.

However, the moment they appeared, they were still within D132 and landed on the god's finger. They were devoured by the mouth on It.

D132 allowed teleportation. However, the influence of misfortune caused the destination of the teleportation to be where there was misfortune.

There were also people who used powerful attacks to bombard D132's prison gate and barrier. However, with their combat strength, it was impossible for them to succeed.

D132 was a whole entity. If they wanted to create a gap in it, they had to destroy everything here.

And right now, they were also a part of D132.

This was an endless cycle of death.

Wherever Xu Qing passed, heart-rending sounds rang out and blood spurted out like rain. Heads flew up and corpses fell to the ground.

The captain also attacked, with a clear target in mind. It wasn't those subsidiary races he was after, but rather the members of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race. Their numbers were not large, only a dozen or so.

But judging by the excitement in the captain's eyes, it was obvious that he was more interested in the cultivators of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race.

His attacks mainly involved fruits, as if he was stockpiling provisions. Using various methods, he transformed the cultivators of the Flame Moon Race into apples, grapes, and pears…

This style was more eerie compared to his previous ice-sealing blue light.

Clearly, as the seals continued to be undone, the captain slowly regained his cultivation from his previous life.

This scene, coupled with D132's strangeness and Xu Qing's coldness, had an extremely great impact on Qiu Quezi.

He originally thought that he was also a person who had astonishing methods. However, looking at Xu Qing and the captain, he felt that he was just a kid in comparison.

His judgment of the human race had long changed after witnessing their methods.

 "Who said the human race is weak… Who said human nature is not fierce, not suitable for the present Wanggu… Who said the human race is better at conspiracy and deceit…"

"You call this weak? You call this not fierce?"

Qiu Quezi thought of what he had learned since he was young. At this moment, he took a deep breath. He saw more and more people dying, and appearing in the cells on the ground.

The words of the human who was known as the captain appeared in his mind. Hence, he panicked and quickly rushed over to join the slaughter.

Under such circumstances, this massacre couldn't last for too long.

A while later, as the last Flame Moon Mystic Heaven cultivator who wanted to escape was slapped into a tangerine by the captain, D132 fell silent.

Only the blood rain, falling to the earth, was then absorbed and reappeared in the air, continuing to fall.

On the ground, there was not a single corpse or any remains of the bodies.

All of them were in the cells and they were all at a loss.

Cheers rang out from the mouths of the painting old man, the head, and the others.

Xu Qing drew in a deep breath. The familiar scene here reminded him of his experiences when he was young. At the same time, he could clearly sense that as these hundreds of cultivators were imprisoned, the might of D132 had increased a little.

Xu Qing looked at the cells below.

There were more than a thousand cells in D132. At this moment, it was more than 30% full.

"What are you thinking about?" The captain took an apple and took a bite. He then looked at Xu Qing and threw one to Xu Qing and Qiu Quezi each.

Xu Qing caught it.

"I'm wondering if there will be a day when this prison can imprison… gods!"

The captain was stunned for a moment before he laughed loudly.

As for Qiu Quezi, he held the apple the captain had given him and hesitated. However, after looking at the two frightful humans and then at the cells on the ground, he no longer hesitated and took a bite.

It was unexpectedly sweet.

Xu Qing didn't eat the apple immediately and put it away. He then lifted his right hand and waved it. Immediately, the forbidden mountains from the captives rushed toward him.

Soon, they all floated above Xu Qing's head.

Qiu Quezi couldn't help but look over. He was dazzled. Even though he was mentally prepared, he was still a little dazed.

There were too many.

Nearly 300 forbidden mountains were connected to each other by lightning. As they continued to circle and rotate, the pressure and aura they formed could cause one to be shaken.

This wasn't the end. Xu Qing's gaze landed on the 27 forbidden mountains on the ground. He lifted his hand and grabbed. As the ground rumbled, these 27 forbidden mountains rapidly flew over. In the end, 26 of them joined the others, allowing Xu Qing's forbidden mountains to break through 300.

As for the remaining one, Xu Qing glanced at Qiu Quezi.

"For you."

Qiu Quezi felt grateful. If it was any other time, he naturally wouldn't be excited because of a forbidden mountain. However, it was different now…

After doing this, with a thought from Xu Qing, D132 shook and rapidly turned blurry. Finally, it dissipated into the world, revealing everything that was enveloped here.

D132's departure didn't take away the blood here. Hence, the blood of hundreds of people spread in all directions, spreading the dense smell of blood.

Xu Qing, who was standing in the air and enveloped in the stench of blood, lifted his head and looked at the golden palace higher up. He then cupped his hands and bowed.

In the golden palace, the Flame Moon dignitary looked at Xu Qing. The admiration in his expression was even denser than before.

"Such a malignant star has appeared in my forbidden zone. This will be quite the topic to talk about at the hunting banquet later."

The Flame Moon dignitary smiled and spoke.

"Human brat, I can tell you a piece of information. Currently… there are dozens of people who have more forbidden mountains than you."

"Judging from your actions, your target should be the first place in this first segment. In that case, you have to continue working hard."

Xu Qing's eyes narrowed as he nodded and bowed again.

"Thank you for your guidance, Senior."

Laughter rang out from the golden palace. At the next moment, the entire palace became a little blurry and finally disappeared into the sky. The show was over, so this Flame Moon dignitary chose to leave.

Xu Qing watched until the palace completely dissipated before he retracted his gaze. Just as he was about to leave with the captain, he and the captain looked into the distance at the same time.

Over there, a rainbow was rushing into the forbidden zone at an extremely fast speed.

The person rushing over looked very arrogant.

He indeed had the qualifications to be arrogant. From afar, one could see that eight forbidden mountains were circling his head.

The person who came was none other than the main body of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven cultivator who appeared when Xu Qing was moving the first forbidden mountain. His clone was killed by Xu Qing and its teleportation failed, so it couldn't transmit the details of the death.

The confidence of this cultivator also led him to rush towards this direction after sensing the general direction, guided further by the imperceptible mark left by the slaughter of his clone, until he found this place.

Qiu Quezi also saw him. If it were another time, he would have been solemn, but now… Qiu Quezi shook his head.

Almost at the instant Qiu Quezi shook his head, the figure in the distance, whose imposing aura contained endless domineeringness and arrogance, seemed to have sensed something and suddenly stopped in mid-air.

After that, the rainbow swayed a little, as though the cultivator was shivering intensely. Even the fog in the environment was stirred by him, as though he was breathing heavily.

Clearly… after he proudly entered the forbidden zone, he sensed that all the forbidden mountains here had disappeared. He also sensed the dense smell of blood here.

He then noticed the 300-odd forbidden mountains above Xu Qing…

As long as one wasn't a fool, they would know what had happened here.

"Killed them all?"

"Wha… wha…"

When this realization appeared in the Flame Moon cultivator's mind, his heart skipped a beat and he couldn't help but gasp.

Without any hesitation, he turned around and wanted to escape at an even faster speed.

He regretted it…

When he thought about how he had rushed over aggressively but ended up bumping into an iron plate, his heart couldn't help but tremble intensely. At this moment, he was hating himself for being slow…

Xu Qing was indifferent. The captain's eyes lit up and he grinned.

"An acquaintance."































































"There's a saying."

The captain licked his lips and looked at the fleeing figure in the sky with a teasing smile.

"Fate will bring together those a thousand miles apart, yes, this is the phrase."

"Isn't that right, Junior Brother? Look, he appeared just like that. However, this time, he won't be able to escape."

Xu Qing nodded and lifted his hand. Black flames rose from his body and flowed down his arm to his palm.

The black spear that had just been put away formed in his hand again.

The moment it appeared, the spear tip seemed to burn the void, producing one fine black hole after another that tore through the void with an astonishing aura.

It also caused the bloody aura in all directions to rise into the air. Countless resentful spirits manifested around the spear and let out heart-rending wails of unwillingness.

They couldn't enter reincarnation.

The wails echoed, filled with a terrifying intent.

The spear in Xu Qing's hand was like a sword of hell. The ghost fire it stirred up emitted waves of black fire patterns.

The fire erupted and swept through the sky, turning the sky into a sea of fire.

As waves of ripples echoed, it also caused the world to darken.

When this phenomenon landed in the eyes of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven cultivator who was fleeing rapidly in the distance, he felt his scalp go numb. An extremely intense life-and-death crisis and endless regret rose in his heart.



At this moment, he finally understood how his clone died.

"He must have died to this spear!"

"I was too impulsive. I shouldn't have come here!"

This Flame Moon Mystic Heaven cultivator's face was pale and he instinctively took a few deep breaths. He used everything he had to forcefully increase his speed and escape with all his might. He even tried to teleport, but this required time.

A cold glint flashed in Xu Qing's eyes. He held his spear and threw it toward the horizon.

It pierced through the air, letting out a sharp sound as if heaven and earth were being split apart.

It rapidly approached the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race cultivator.

The void shattered and the sky turned blurry. Only the spear was clear like a mark in the sky. It instantly reached the horizon and arrived behind the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven cultivator, locking onto him.

It was about to pierce through him.

At the same time, D132 appeared in the sky. The vast prison caused the Flame Moon cultivator's heart to tremble uncontrollably.

The image of the prison above his head quickly became clear and was about to envelop him and seal him.

He could foresee that once the prison sealed him, he would be unable to escape calamity and would definitely die. Hence, at the moment of extreme danger, this Flame Moon Mystic Heaven cultivator did an extremely bold thing.

He slapped his forehead without hesitation. Amidst the rumbling, overlapping shadows appeared on his body, it was his soul leaving his body, swiftly departing.

As for the body he left behind, it became his weapon. It pounced toward the black spear on its own.

With a boom, the spear came into contact and his body collapsed. However, the flesh and blood of the Flame Moon cultivator didn't splatter in all directions. Instead, it coiled in the opposite direction and actually firmly wrapped around the black spear, restraining it.

Even though the flesh and blood were rapidly being destroyed by the power of the black spear, the spear was still stalled for a breath of time.

The Flame Moon cultivator decisively abandoned his eight forbidden mountains and blew his soul at the side, forming a strong wind that blew the eight mountains, causing them to soar into the air with an imposing aura that headed straight for D132.

The eight mountains swayed and expanded, transforming into huge and astonishing mountains. They were extremely domineering, and although they charged toward D132, it was an attempt to delay it.

Amidst the rumbling sounds, D132's descent slowed down slightly. Although it recovered quickly, this delay also lasted for a breath of time.

To the cultivator of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven, this breath of time was a moment between life and death.

At the next instant, his teleportation was finally activated. With the help of this breath of time, he suddenly blurred and disappeared from the sky.

 At this moment, the flesh and blood that enveloped the black spear also lost its strength and scattered down.

Only the eight forbidden mountains left behind by the Flame Moon cultivator in the sky were kept in the prison under D132's suppression.

Xu Qing looked at the void. The other party's reaction was too fast. If he was slightly indecisive, he would be trapped by D132. At that time, his teleportation method would be meaningless.

However, Xu Qing didn't feel anything. This was because the captain had said that this person couldn't escape this time.

According to Xu Qing's understanding of the captain, this statement was likely not groundless.

This was indeed the case. Seeing that the cultivator had teleported away, the captain smiled and spoke proudly to Xu Qing.

"Didn't I eat the flesh and blood of this cultivator previously? During this period of time, I've studied it and learned by analogy. I recalled a great divine power targeted at Flame Moon cultivators that I learned in my past life."

"This divine power is quite powerful and restrains teleportation. The principle is to trace back to the origin. No matter where he goes, I can get him back."

With that, the captain raised his hand and grabbed at the ground. Immediately, five pieces of the Flame Moon cultivator's flesh flew up and landed in front of the captain.

The captain flicked his sleeve and the five pieces of flesh arranged themselves into a pentagon in front of him.

"However, the prerequisite is that you have to possess five items that have the same origin. Flesh and bones are the best."

With that, the captain raised his hands and performed a series of hand seals. He muttered something and circles of ripples spread out from a piece of flesh, followed by the second piece, the third piece…

Finally, the five pieces of flesh emitted ripples at the same time and collided with each other. As it became increasingly intense, they rose into the air, forming a black vortex.

The captain looked at the vortex and let out a deep shout. His voice carried an ancient feeling that reverberated through the world.

"The soul of heaven and earth, origin descent."

The moment his voice rang out, the vortex spun increasingly intensely. Vaguely, the soul of the Flame Moon cultivator who had teleported away seemed to be guided and was revealed in the black hole.

At first, it was blurry and distorted, as though it had been stretched. However, it quickly became clear.

In fact, the terror, fear, and disbelief on his face were clearly visible.

At the next instant, the captain laughed sinisterly and grabbed at the vortex. Immediately, the spirit of the Flame Moon cultivator who had been summoned back was extracted from thin air.

"You…"

The soul of the Flame Moon cultivator revealed despair. Just as he was about to say something to save his life, the captain ignored him and clenched his hand ruthlessly.

With a bang, his soul collapsed, turning into a pile of green apples that landed on the ground.

Qiu Quezi, who was at the side, rushed over with great judgment. He quickly kept the scattered green apples and handed them to the captain.

The captain lifted his chin and looked at Xu Qing. After noticing the waves in Xu Qing's eyes, he became even more smug.

"How is it, Little Qing? Is my spell amazing or not?"

Xu Qing nodded and looked at the five pieces of flesh curiously. He could sense a familiar aura emitting from them.

"This spell…"

Before Xu Qing could finish speaking, the captain waved his hand.

"I know that you want to ask about the name of this divine art."

"Listen carefully. This divine art is called the Ruthless Dao of Great Five Bulls Tracing the Origin."

After saying that, the captain glanced at Xu Qing.

Xu Qing's expression changed, as though he was awed by this name.

The captain was even happier.

"Do you want to learn? Eldest Senior Brother will instruct you. After you learn it, if others want to escape, you will have a way to get them back."

With that, the captain cheerfully took out a jade slip, branded it, and tossed it to Xu Qing.

Xu Qing took it. This spell was special. He felt that it might be of great use sometimes, so he nodded.

"Thank you, Senior Brother."

"Haha, there's no need to be polite. It's a small matter."

What the captain wanted was an attitude, and seeing Xu Qing like this, he felt incredibly satisfied.

At the same time, the eight ownerless forbidden mountains also floated above Xu Qing's head.

Xu Qing analyzed inwardly.

'According to the Flame Moon Senior in the palace, if I want to become first in this first segment, I might need a thousand forbidden mountains.'

'I still have to work hard.'

Xu Qing retracted his gaze and looked at the captain.

The captain grinned and guessed Xu Qing's thoughts. Hence, the two of them moved at the same time and transformed into two rainbows that headed straight for the distance.

When Qiu Quezi saw this scene, his breathing became hurried. He felt that meeting these two was his chance and there was no reason for him to let it go. Hence, he flew out as well, following behind.

Just like that, three figures gradually flew out of the forbidden zone and slowly left for the Flame Moon Inner Region.

As for this forbidden zone, it slowly returned to calm. The mutated beasts inside emerged one after another. The 27 forbidden mountains that had disappeared were occupied by blood-red grass.

Several hours later, some cultivators emerged in the sky. They were the cultivators who had left earlier. They had returned to check the situation.

Among them, there were also people who felt regret and felt that they shouldn't have left so easily.

However, after they arrived, their expressions turned solemn as they sensed the changes here.

This was especially so after they arrived at the location of the mountain range. When they saw the red grass here and smelled the dense blood, their expressions instantly changed and they couldn't help but gasp.

"Here…"

"How many people died to form such a bloody smell!"

"I didn't notice anyone leaving. Could it be that… all the cultivators here were killed?"

"That is impossible!"

Gasps spread through the forbidden zone. Some people still didn't believe it, so they tried to transmit their voices to the communication slips of the cultivators they were familiar with, but there was no response.

Gradually, everyone fell silent before quickly leaving with fear in their eyes.

Just like that, time flowed by. As Xu Qing left and the remaining people spread out, the news of the human cultivators killing hundreds of participants quickly spread from those cultivators. One spread to ten, ten to a hundred…

The news was like a storm that continued to spread in the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race.

It attracted a lot of attention.

The first reaction of those who heard it was disbelief. However, as they investigated, their thoughts stirred.

This was especially so for the Baize Race. They were even more furious. After all, this race had suffered the most casualties this time around. Moreover, their heaven's chosen was killed.

However, the experts of the Baize Race were also helpless about this matter. Most of their main forces were on the Black Heaven Race's battlefield and there weren't many of them left.

That wasn't the main point. The main point was that they didn't dare to violate the rules of the Grand Hunt.

Only participants could attack other participants.

But covert operations were still inevitable, so invisible dark clouds were rising within the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race, and a storm… was imminent.































































Several days later.

In the fifth inner region of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race, the sun was blazing.

The glaring sunlight fell upon an endless desert. Sand dunes stretched endlessly, like the back of a sleeping dragon.

Rising heat waves spread in all directions, scorching everything in their path, and the air was filled with a stifling heat.

In the distance, a sandstorm whirled on the horizon, with fierce winds howling. At its end lay an eternal illusion, concealing elusive hope, but more so… silence and death.

Just like at this moment, in the storm on the horizon, there was dead silence.

A huge blood-red carriage that was ten thousand feet long thundered out of the sandstorm.

The carriage resembled a gigantic dragon head with a spine that swayed like a dragon's tail.

Indeed, it was a carriage crafted from dragon bones, with every inch of bone engraved with intricate markings, exuding a terrifying aura.

Floating atop the dragon carriage were over three hundred forbidden mountains, imposing and awe-inspiring.

As for the opulent interior of the skull, a young man reclined within.

He was a youth of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race.

Clad in a white robe embroidered with golden threads, he exuded an endless air of nobility, though all of this seemed to pale in comparison to the youth himself.

With his exquisite facial features, eyes shining like stars, and a high bridge of the nose, along with the aura emanating from his body, everything about him spoke of his noble status.

It was as though wherever he was, not only did the affiliated races have to kneel, but even the vast majority of Flame Moon cultivators had to lower their heads, let alone the races other than the Flame Moon.



With his identity, he could annihilate an entire race with just a word.

And at the moment, he appeared content, with one hand propped against his forehead, while the other played with a jade slip. A curve formed at the corner of his mouth, and a hint of interest flashed in his eyes.

A while later, the youth lifted his head and looked ahead as he calmly spoke.

"The speed is a little slow."

In front of this dragon carriage, there were hundreds of black iron chains, burning with flames that seemed to scorch both soul and flesh, as they blazed upon the chains. Each chain was pulled straight.

At their ends… were hundreds of human cultivators!

These cultivators, each ragged and emaciated, wore expressions of humiliation, yet they endured and pulled the dragon carriage.

Among them, the one at the forefront was taller than the rest, clad in tattered yellow robes, with blood at the corner of his mouth. Despite this, his gaze was resolute, gritting his teeth as he tugged on the iron chain attached to him, dragging himself forward.

With their combined effort, the dragon carriage surged forth through the storm, traversing under the blaze.

If there were any subordinates of the Human Emperor here, they would be able to recognize at a glance that these humans pulling the carriages were diplomats of the human race who had come to the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race.

The tall youth at the front was none other than… the Eldest Prince of the human race.

"Guyue, Zhonghui, your speed is still a little slow."

The voice of the youth in the dragon carriage echoed. It was neither hurried nor slow but it revealed a hint of coldness.

"At such speed, when will you be able to pull my carriage to the Divine Mountain?"

"I promised you that as long as you guys pull my carriage all the way to the Divine Mountain, I'll plead with my father, the king, to speak on your human race's behalf."

"However, I'm not satisfied with this speed."

The hundreds of humans pulling the carriage at the front lowered their heads. The humiliation and helplessness in their hearts grew increasingly intense. As for the Eldest Prince at the front, he didn't speak.

After a few breaths of silence, the Eldest Prince surged forward, allowing the iron chains to cut into his flesh as he increased his speed once again.

The others also gritted their teeth and exerted their strength at the same time. Hence, the speed of the dragon carriage increased a little.

But evidently, the torment brought by the iron chains and the pressure from the dragon carriage itself increased with speed, causing greater harm. However, those pulling the carriage had no choice but to continue.

 The dragon carriage sped through the desert.

The heat became even more intense. When the high temperature landed on the Eldest Prince and the others, it seemed like it could burn all their pride.

"That's more like it."

The youth laughed.

"You have to know that from the moment you refused to abandon your identity as a human, your maternal family had already given up on you. In the entire Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race, only I thought that you were interesting and gave you this chance."

"So, Guyue Zhonghui, you have to grasp this opportunity well."

The Eldest Prince and the other humans remained silent.

The youth spoke as he spun a jade slip between his fingers.

"Also, I heard that a human is participating in the Grand Hunt. In a forbidden zone in the Eighth Inner Region, he killed quite a few participants, seemingly with ruthless methods."

"There were some of my people among them."

The Eldest Prince was stunned, and so were the others. They didn't know about this.

A smile appeared on the youth's face. He lifted his hand slightly and the iron chains in front of the dragon carriage instantly transformed into hundreds of whips that swung down.

A rumbling sound echoed out as those iron chains lashed onto the humans pulling the carriage. Many of them spat out blood and the Eldest Prince suffered even more.

"No worries, for each person this individual killed, I'll whip you guys a thousand times."

"That will be more interesting."

The sound of the whip rang out as the dragon carriage continued forward. Just like that, it shuttled through the desert. After it left the desert and the oasis entered its vision, the figures of some cultivators appeared on the horizon.

After seeing the dragon carriage, regardless of whether it was the cultivators of the affiliated races or the Flame Moon Race, they either knelt or bowed.

The youth's smile remained as the dragon carriage moved past those who were greeting him.

"Guyue Zhonghui, do you think that kid from your human race will come looking for you after he finds out that you are pulling the carriage for me?"

"If he joins you, I might be able to head to the Divine Mountain a few days earlier."

The Eldest Prince's expression changed and the other humans' breathing became hurried.

The lack of information made it difficult for them to guess who the human was. However, they could clearly sense the malice from the prince behind them.

As he spoke, the jade slip in the youth's hand flickered. He then spread out his whereabouts.

After that, he stretched his back and waved his hand, continuing to whip.

This scene was seen by many Flame Moon cultivators on the way and the news was also leaked by the youth himself. More people knew about it and spread it.

Several days later, in the Sixth Region, Xu Qing's figure holding the black spear walked out of a mountain range. It was obvious that there were even more vengeful spirits on the black spear.

The smell of blood also grew stronger on Xu Qing's body.

The captain beside him had a smile on his face. From time to time, he would look at his storage bag. Clearly, he was very satisfied with his harvest.

As for Qiu Quezi, who was following behind them, he had long gone numb.

On his way here, he had a deeper understanding of the two humans in front of him. The person known as the captain was an abnormal person with bizarre spells. He liked to turn others into fruits and eat them.

Even he ate a few of the fruits transformed from the affiliated races. The taste… wasn't bad.

As for the fruits transformed from his race, he rejected them.

In this world where gods existed, even though he was from the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race, he had seen similar things before. It wasn't much. What really shocked him was Xu Qing.

He had encountered killers before, even he himself was one, but he was still shaken by Xu Qing's killings.

Unless they encountered the Baize Race, Xu Qing rarely took the initiative to attack, nor would he attack anyone just because they had forbidden mountains.

There was no need.

This was because the hundreds of mountain peaks circling his head were enough to intimidate many cultivators. However, there were still some ferocious people who used various methods to try to kill him.

The outcome of these cultivators who provoked Xu Qing was that they became corpses. Their souls were devoured by countless red threads and their mountains became ownerless.

For example, just now, a similar scene had occurred in that mountain range.

On the way, there were more and more similar scenes. The number of forbidden mountains above Xu Qing's head also rapidly increased.

They had become a vortex spinning with Xu Qing as the center.

As for the reason why the vortex had formed, Qiu Quezi had also found out. He had also told Xu Qing and the captain about the dissatisfaction of the Baize Race, as well as the attention drawn by their actions within the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven.

However, the captain didn't care at all, and Xu Qing was as calm as ever.

At first, Qiu Quezi didn't understand. Later on, after thinking about it and combining it with the current situation of the human race, he had an answer.

'This person wants to fight for the qualifications to become a Mystic Heaven General. He wants to use this method to resolve the current danger of the human race!'

'No wonder he killed so many people of the Baize Race. If the Si'e Race appeared, he would definitely kill them immediately as well.'

With such thoughts in mind, in order to avoid causing misunderstandings in the future, Qiu Quezi still told Xu Qing the information he had just obtained.

"Fellow Daoists, I… just received a piece of news about your human race's Eldest Prince."

Qiu Quezi gazed at Xu Qing.

Xu Qing put away his black spear and looked at the hundreds of forbidden mountains above his head as he walked forward.

"Speak."

"The Eldest Prince and his followers were captured alive by the heir of King Mingnan. They seemed to have some deal, so the Eldest Prince and the others are pulling the dragon carriage for him… This matter has already circulated throughout the Flame Moon's territories."

Qiu Quezi verbalized in a low voice.

Xu Qing looked indifferent, and the captain wasn't too surprised. Qiu Quezi had mentioned this before. Moreover, this transaction had nothing to do with them and they couldn't interfere.

"Some of the cultivators you killed were under the command of the son of King Mingnan, so he announced that for every Flame Moon cultivator you killed, he would whip the humans pulling the carriage a thousand times. Moreover, he unveiled his own whereabouts."

Qiu Quezi hesitated but still told the truth.

Xu Qing stopped in his tracks and the captain raised his brows.

In that case, it would have something to do with them.

"He deliberately unveiled his location?"

Xu Qing turned his head and gazed at Qiu Quezi.

Facing Xu Qing's gaze, Qiu Quezi felt a lot of pressure. After taking a deep breath, he nodded.

"He did it on purpose. Now that he's in the Fourth Inner Region, he clearly wants to lure you over. This Prince Mingnan's status is high in the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race. His father, King Mingnan, is the king of the Heavenly Cloud Great Priest's Tent under the Sun Flame God. He is deeply valued by the department's authority. His cultivation and authority are monstrous…"

"How many mountains does he have?"

Xu Qing asked.

"I heard that there are over 400 of them."

Qiu Quezi gazed at Xu Qing.

"Lead the way."

A cold glint flashed in Xu Qing's eyes as he calmly spoke.

At the side, the captain grinned.

Qiu Quezi's heart trembled and he wanted to persuade him. However, when he saw the coldness in Xu Qing's eyes, he chose to nod.

Three rainbows instantly rushed toward the Fourth Inner Region.































































Time flowed by.

Half a month later, after crossing the Fourth Inner Region in pursuit of Prince Mingnan, Xu Qing's group arrived at the Third Inner Region.

This place was only two regions away from the Divine Mountain that was the final destination of the first segment of the Grand Hunt.

The terrain of the entire Third Inner Region was mainly composed of volcanoes. Countless volcanoes erupted all year round, forming a dense black fog that spread in the sky.

As for the ground, it was an endless sea of magma.

Only the occasional cold wind blowing through formed intermittent and unstable paths. These paths often solidified for a period before turning back into magma, creating new pathways as the wind shifted.

All of this was unstable, causing mortals to be unable to pass through here.

Logically speaking, such a terrain wasn't suitable for survival for many races.

However, in the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race's opinion, it was extremely suitable.

Such terrain not only allowed their bodies to be tempered all year round but also allowed them to maintain the heart of an expert. At the same time, the word 'flame' of this race also represented their commitment to fire.

At that moment, in the center of the Third Inner Region, under the thick black cloud formed by the volcanic eruption for countless years, the sound of whips echoed. A bone dragon carriage rushed forward.

It was very fast!

One could see that at the end of the hundreds of iron chains in front of the bone dragon was the Eldest Prince and his subordinates pulling the carriage. All of them were in ragged clothes and their faces were sallow and skinny. The vast majority of them had listless eyes.

The remaining people gritted their teeth in silence and erupted with all their might to pull the carriage forward.



"Interesting. I wonder if it's because of the whip, or if you guys have really come to a realization, or if you want to end it quickly... Of course, there might be another reason. You don't want that famous human to catch up?"

"No matter what, I'm very satisfied with your speed."

In the dragon skull, Prince Mingnan smiled and spoke. However, at the next instant, his smile was replaced by gloom and his voice became cold.

"However, I'm not satisfied with your attitude."

"Now, what I want is to be slow. You guys... are moving too fast."

As he spoke, countless illusory whips flashed in front of the bone dragon and the sound of whipping rang out.

Some humans spat out blood, and there were even a few who couldn't withstand the torture along the way and the devouring from the iron chains. They lost their breath and their corpses fell.

Some landed in the magma and were swallowed.

Some landed on the path and became dried corpses, waiting for the next cycle when a new path was formed. These corpses would then be drowned as the original path sank.

The speed of the bone dragon carriage in the sky was forced to slow down.

Humiliation and anger rose in the hearts of those humans pulling the carriages, but they were helpless...

The strength of the race was the foundation of everything.

Flame Moon Mystic Heaven's strength made it impossible for countless races to have dignity in front of them.

Falling behind was the original sin.

At the same time, under the same black cloud, Xu Qing's group were speeding over from thousands of kilometers away.

"That Prince Mingnan is very high-profile and didn't hide his whereabouts. According to the latest news, someone saw him moving toward the Second Inner Region. We shouldn't be far from his dragon carriage."

Qiu Quezi spoke in a low voice.

The captain licked his lips and Xu Qing nodded slightly. He looked at the black clouds in the distance and then at the magma on the ground. The world of the Third Inner Region was filled with heat, like a steamer but there was no heat rising.

However, the dry heat that invaded both his body and soul was extremely intense.

"Fellow Daoist Xu, do you want to... consider it?"

"Prince Mingnan's cultivation is astonishing. It's said that he broke through from the third stage of Nihility not long ago and is now at the fourth stage, forming an illusory world."

 "Moreover... the physical bodies of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race surpasses many races, as do our spells and the density of cultivation base, making our race almost invincible in the same realm."

Qiu Quezi didn't dare to persuade, but he still couldn't help but speak.

"In addition, his father, King Mingnan, is a peak Soul Accumulation almighty with eight worlds. It's rumored that he's not far from the nine worlds."

"As his only son, this Prince Mingnan has been extremely talented since he was young. Although he isn't the number one heaven's chosen of this generation, he can still be ranked in the top ten."

"I've never seen him fight, but I've often heard about him."

"For example, he's good at curses, forbidden arts, and even divine techniques."

"There are even rumors that he has learned several techniques of the Flame Moon Emperor-level cultivation art, the Thirty-Six Immortal Energy!"

"Generally speaking, even one technique from the Thirty-Six Immortal Energy would be considered a peak emperor-level cultivation art in other races."

"Therefore, not only is Prince Mingnan's background terrifying, but his strength is also astonishing... Regardless of victory or defeat, there would be a price to pay. It's not worth it..."

When Qiu Quezi tried his best to persuade him, Xu Qing was indifferent. The captain beside him grinned and gave Qiu Quezi an apple.

"Kid, you're not bad. Along the way, I've found you to be someone worth befriending."

"However, you only see the background of that Prince Mingnan but you don't know our background."

"Don't worry, it's just a mere King Mingnan. As long as Little Qing is willing to give away his yang essence..."

Just as the captain said this, Xu Qing turned his head and glanced at him.

The captain chuckled and didn't continue.

Qiu Quezi started and thought about the yang essence… His expression was a little hesitant as countless guesses surfaced in his mind. He glanced at Xu Qing but he didn't dare to ask.

Just like that, as the guesses in his mind surfaced one after another, the three of them moved in the sky and time passed.

Two hours later, Xu Qing's figure suddenly paused in mid-air and disappeared at the next instant. When he reappeared, he was already on a small path on the magma below.

This path formed by the cold wind was currently melting. Clearly, it wouldn't be long before it dissipated.

There was a dried corpse that could barely be considered intact.

A human corpse.

Xu Qing gazed at the corpse and the captain also sized it up a few times.

"I've seen him before. He's one of the Eldest Prince's guards."

"From the looks of it, he endured tremendous torture when he was alive and the marks of the whip are quite serious. He endured at least thousands of whip lashings… His flesh, blood, cultivation, and even his soul were slowly corroded and devoured. The ultimate reason for his death was exhaustion and depletion."

Qiu Quezi remained silent, not daring to speak.

Xu Qing stared at it for a few breaths before keeping the corpse. He then turned his head and glanced at Qiu Quezi.

"They shouldn't be far now. You don't have to follow me for the time being. Please help me take a look around and try your best to collect the human corpses."

Qiu Quezi immediately nodded.

Xu Qing didn't say anything else. He instantly rose into the air, stirring up a monstrous rumbling sound. He used his fastest speed to rush toward the distant sky.

He was much faster than before as he had a clear trail now.

The captain's entire body flickered with blue light as he followed beside Xu Qing. He could tell that the killing intent on Xu Qing's body was getting denser and denser and a hint of anticipation appeared in his eyes.

"Little Qing has an intense killing nature to begin with. He has been suppressing it throughout these years, but it won't be good for him if he continues to do that for a long time."

"Kill. Don't think too much and don't have shackles. We cultivators need the spirit to break out of all shackles!"

The captain mumbled to himself as he followed Xu Qing.

An hour later, when the bone dragon and the hundreds of humans pulling it fell into Xu Qing's sight, he spoke softly.

"Eldest Senior Brother, I want to fight alone in this battle. I want to see how powerful this heaven's chosen of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race is."

"If I'm not a match for him, please take action and snatch his mountains."

The captain smiled and nodded in agreement.

At the next instant, Xu Qing's figure was like a burning meteor, stirring up the black clouds in the sky and emitting a deafening boom as he headed toward the bone dragon that had stopped in the sky.

Wherever he passed, the void exploded and the world seemed to tremble.

There were also millions of soul threads that exploded from Xu Qing's body. As Xu Qing got closer and his aura rose, these soul threads gathered together and formed Xu Qing's first god form.

His aura soared, comparable to the first stage of Nihility.

A storm brewed.

This wasn't the end. At the next moment, on the foundation of the first god form, the soul threads squirmed and the second god form appeared.

His aura exploded again, comparable to a second stage Nihility cultivator.

His aura pierced through the rainbow.

After that, when all the soul threads gathered, the third god form appeared!

His combat strength was comparable to the third stage of Nihility and suppressed the surroundings.

From afar, the sinister and tall figure, the blood-red cloak, the crystal skeleton, and the countless blood threads outside his body made Xu Qing look like a demon god had descended.

Behind him, an illusory Purple Moon rose and above the Purple Moon, the Sundial also formed. As it slowly rotated, Xu Qing took out a piece of Crimson Goddess's flesh and swallowed it without hesitation.

His flesh and blood exploded, and his god form rumbled. His form was actually somewhat similar to the Crimson Goddess'. Upon closer inspection, it even bore some resemblance to Li Zihua's presence.

His aura increased again, reaching… the fourth stage of Nihility!

This was Xu Qing's strongest combat strength!

In front of the bone dragon, the expressions of the hundreds of humans changed. Some vaguely discerned the appearance of Xu Qing within the god form's manifestation, stirring up immense waves in their hearts.

This was especially so for the Eldest Prince. When he observed that the person who came was actually Xu Qing, his heart trembled.

He had never interacted with Xu Qing before and had only seen him from afar a few times. However, he naturally knew Xu Qing's identity and his mission this time.

Hence, he was extremely shocked that Xu Qing had emerged in the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race. He was also anxious. Just as he was about to remind him, countless whips appeared around them and instantly wrapped around their bodies.

This included their mouths and their divine senses. After sealing all methods of communication, laughter rang out from the dragon's skull. At the next instant, Prince Mingnan disappeared and reappeared in the outside world.

Looking at Xu Qing who was rapidly approaching, a hint of interest emerged in his eyes.

"You actually came?"

"There's actually such a transformation technique. Interesting, interesting."

"I originally couldn't be bothered with the heaven's chosen of the human race. However, to be able to kill so many people of my race and have such a divine art, regardless of whether you pull my carriage or refuse and end up with your head hung in front of it, you could barely be considered a decoration."

As he spoke, he walked toward Xu Qing, who was approaching with monstrous momentum!































































Xu Qing got close.

The dark clouds that looked like colossal creatures pressed down, giving off an ominous feeling.

As Prince Mingnan's footsteps landed, under the pitch-black night sky, the clouds began to churn, like ocean waves stirred by a fierce wind, with lightning flashing within, resembling silver serpents dancing wildly in the darkness, intersecting into ancient and mysterious runes.

Thunder rumbled and shook the sky, as though a beast was roaring.

The behemoth had awakened!

A vast storm suddenly formed outside Prince Mingnan's body.

The violent wind was like a blade, sweeping in all directions, pushing aside the clouds and stirring up the magma, forming a fire storm.

Even the bone dragon was on the verge of collapse from the violent wind, as though it would be swept away by the storm in the next moment.

Those human cultivators were like leaves that were swept up by the wind and thrown up, forming a chaotic scene.

As for Xu Qing's figure, it was the focus of this storm. The corners of Prince Mingnan's mouth revealed a hint of disdain as the storm outside his body swept out.

It was as though the world had transformed into a ferocious demon that swept over with destructive force, ruthlessly devouring Xu Qing.

Xu Qing's fourth god form was the first to bear the brunt. It directly collided with the storm that swept over. The expressions of the Eldest Prince and the humans under him changed.

They had fought with this Prince Mingnan before and knew how terrifying he was. Although Xu Qing's aura wasn't weak, his figure was blurry now that he was drowned by the storm, looking small and insignificant.

In the storm, a rain of fire poured down, drowning the world.

The force of the storm was so strong that not only did it disperse the clouds and mist, but also created multiple large craters on the ground. This power, this might, made everything opposing it seem incredibly insignificant in its presence.

However, this didn't include Xu Qing.



The storm emitted a deafening sound at the next moment. Amidst the rumbling sounds, a mysterious power that surpassed the storm erupted.

It was a saber.

A saber that seemed to touch the sky.

The cold white saber light and the pitch-black night sky painted a black-and-white painting!

It erupted from the inside, shaking the storm outside, forming explosive air waves.

Boom boom boom!

Saber light erupted, illuminating the surroundings. It broke through everything in this storm and slashed out.

There was also a spirit contained in it.

It emitted an aura that broke through all constraints, shattered all rules, and destroyed all shackles.

The sky shook and the clouds tore apart, forming a straight trail that stretched for at least 500 kilometers.

The storm collapsed. The remnant wind rolled back and fire rained down like meteors.

The ground churned like the sea, creating a 500 kilometer-long ravine. If a mortal were to stand at the edge and look down, they would see a vast canyon stretching endlessly into the distance.

From this… one could see the power of Nihility.

As the storm shattered and the heavenly saber shone, Xu Qing's demonic god-like figure rushed out. With an endless aura and an indomitable force, he instantly arrived in front of Prince Mingnan.

A hint of solemnity appeared in Prince Mingnan's eyes as he punched out.

Thunder rumbled.

The two of them fought without any delay. Their speed was extremely fast and they collided thousands of times in a short period of time.

During this period, the sound of Prince Mingnan's breathing appeared 17 times!

Every time he inhaled, it was like a dragon absorbing water. Not only was the sound loud, but it also absorbed all the power of heaven and earth in the surroundings into his mouth.

 After that, his physical strength clearly increased.

Xu Qing had seen this spell being used by the cultivators of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven before. Regardless of whether it was the captain's explanation or Qiu Quezi's description of Prince Mingnan on the way, it allowed Xu Qing to understand this spell clearly.

This was an emperor-level cultivation art of the Flame Moon Mystic Race, Thirty-Six Immortal Energy.

This was a general term. To be precise, this was a peak art formed by 36 emperor-level cultivation arts.

Nine Breaths Submission was just one of them.

Although its name had nine breaths, it wasn't limited to nine breaths. Different cultivators had different understandings and perceptions.

Hence, 17 breaths and strengthening 17 times, the physical strength of Prince Mingnan was elevated to a terrifying extent.

However, Xu Qing could withstand it!

He even counterattacked!

As the heavenly saber continued to descend time and again, the spirit contained in it became stronger and clearer.

As a result, the sound produced by each collision between the two sides was immense. However, due to the short duration of each collision, these sounds merged together to form a thunderous roar akin to the creation of the universe.

The bone dragon finally couldn't withstand it and was sent flying.

Countless deep craters formed on the ground.

The thick clouds and fog that enveloped the sky were completely dispersed, revealing the sky.

It was the night sky. While the stars were scattered, one could also see the fragmented-face of the god in the night sky!

Under the fragmented-face, Xu Qing and Prince Mingnan were still fighting.

With them as the center, energy waves quickly spread out, with each wave containing a terrifying power.

Seeing this scene, the captain in the distance and the Eldest Prince in another direction felt waves in their hearts.

"The spirit contained in that strike… Little Qing, he finally has his own embryonic Dao!"

"It's a Dao that breaks all shackles, breaks all rules, breaks through the constraints of heaven and earth, and breaks out of the conventional path!"

The captain's eyes revealed an intense light.

Due to his limited experience, the Eldest Prince's perception wasn't as accurate as the captain's. However, he was also moved and shaken due to the spirit in that strike.

He didn't know how to describe it but he vaguely felt a sense of compatibility.

It was as though that was the Dao he yearned for.

Hence, at that moment, his scalp was numb. It wasn't because of the trembling but because of the resonance!

Just as the hearts of the two of them churned, an even more intense sound exploded in the sky. After Xu Qing and Prince Mingnan's figures came into contact again, they each retreated, creating a distance of 1000 feet.

Xu Qing, who was in his god form, stood there with a cold gaze. His entire body emitted a majestic aura. However, upon closer inspection, one could see that his god form body was filled with countless injuries.

However, these wounds rapidly healed as the soul threads squirmed.

As for Prince Mingnan, he no longer looked relaxed. The solemnity in his eyes not only permeated his expression but also spread to his entire body.

There were also injuries on his body but as white light flashed, he instantly recovered.

"To be able to withstand my Nine Breaths Submission, I'm impressed… Human, your divine transformation method is quite interesting."

"I wonder if you can withstand my…"

Before Prince Mingnan could finish speaking, his expression suddenly changed and he retreated abruptly. Almost at the instant he retreated, the place he was originally at collapsed.

The void shattered.

An iron rod that shone with bizarre light rushed out of the collapsed void and returned to Xu Qing's side.

"You…" Prince Mingnan's expression was gloomy.

"Noisy."

Xu Qing's voice was calm. The moment it rang out, he rushed straight for Prince Mingnan like a bolt of lightning. At the same time, he lifted his right hand and tugged at his body. Immediately, the cry of the Golden Crow resounded through the sky.

Black flames erupted from his body, forming a Golden Crow that spat out a sea of fire. After that, it rushed toward Xu Qing.

Its body rapidly disappeared as though it had been stripped off. In the end, only a black spear was left in Xu Qing's hand. He held it fiercely and threw it toward Prince Mingnan!

The iron rod also shone brightly. Countless black lightning surrounded it and rushed over as well.

Killing intent flashed in Prince Mingnan's heart. He knew his own shortcomings, which his father had also reminded him of - his arrogance.

This became brought about by his lofty status and the overall strength of his race, which meant that despite appearing to have experienced many battles, in reality, there were few cultivators who dared to truly engage him in life-and-death combat wherever he went.

A smooth life had brought him glory and prestige, but it had also left him with flaws.

This was also the reason why he chose to participate in the Grand Hunt. He knew that he needed to temper himself and truly experience life and death before he could transform his strengths into a heaven-defying Great Dao.

Now, he had a premonition that the opportunity he had been waiting for had appeared.

Hence, the gloominess in his eyes transformed into dense killing intent. The instant Xu Qing acquired close, he lifted his hand and opened his palm to the sky, clenching fiercely!

As if crushed by an invisible palm, a large area of the void collapsed, unleashing countless raindrops that showered the earth. Simultaneously, they hindered the charging spear and the iron rod to some extent.

The starry sky became revealed to a greater extent at this moment.

In the starry sky, nine incredibly bright stars shone, conspicuous and arranged together in the shape of a finger.

Prince Mingnan lowered his right hand and pointed at Xu Qing without bothering about the black spear.

"The star handle points east, where everything becomes spring."

Nine stars shone, their starlight replaced all light, forming an illusory finger that appeared in the east of Xu Qing.

This finger became incomparably huge and emitted a vast might. In Xu Qing's perception, it was as though he was facing the entire starry sky. Compared to it, he was insignificant.

Under the envelopment of the force, Xu Qing felt as though he became bound. Everything slowed down.

"The star handle points south, everything becomes summer."

Xu Qing's heart trembled. Just as he became about to break the binding force, a second finger appeared in the south. The binding power soared again!

"The star handle points west, everything becomes autumn."

Next became the third finger!

"The star handle points north, everything becomes winter."

Prince Mingnan's voice echoed as a fourth finger appeared in the north of Xu Qing.

These four fingers were extremely long and vast, emitting a terrifying might. At that moment, all of them were pointing at Xu Qing.

It became the Star Shifting Nine-Star Suppression Technique of the Thirty-Six Immortal Energy.

"East, south, west, and north, spring, summer, autumn, and winter, where the star handle points, there will be nowhere to escape!"

As soon as he finished speaking, the four star fingers descended towards Xu Qing in an instant!































































East finger grasped vitality!

The vast finger in the east of Xu Qing that was formed by starlight emitted a dense power of vitality.

Anything that exceeded the limit was as bad as not enough. After exceeding the limit, the feeling it gave off was no longer good but evil!

Therefore, this finger of vitality was like a demon.

South finger grasped prosperity!

Flames rose, as if the finger of a fire god, aiming to burn and seal the heavens and earth.

West finger grasped decay!

A sense of decay and desolation pervaded, carrying with it the passage of time, making it seem as if one could witness the changing of the ages just by looking at it.

The last one, the north finger grasped death!

It was as though it had come from the netherworld, bringing death with it.

At that moment, the four fingers with the power over life, death, decay, and prosperity landed. Seeing such a spell, the Eldest Prince's expression changed and he felt anxious.

This was because... he had lost to this Star Shifting Nine-Star Suppression.

To be precise, after he used his bloodline to break through this Star Shifting spell, he was defeated by its hidden killing move.

"This is just the surface layer. Prince Mingnan's true killing move is hidden behind this surface..."

The Eldest Prince wanted to remind Xu Qing, but he couldn't do it. Regardless of his voice or his divine sense, they were sealed by Prince Mingnan.

He could only watch helplessly as the four fingers fell.



The captain didn't intervene. He believed that Xu Qing wouldn't be killed so easily.

This was indeed the case. Almost at the instant these four fingers landed, although Xu Qing's body couldn't move and was bound by an invisible force, he could still open his eyes.

At the next instant, Xu Qing's eyes turned pitch-black!

The Poison Restriction Gaze he had comprehended in the Moon Offering Region played a key role at this moment. The Poison Restriction... could erupt through his gaze.

Xu Qing looked at the east finger and the power of the Poison Restriction erupted. The huge east finger shook, and blackness spread rapidly like a rash on the finger.

No matter how dense the life force inside was, under the Poison Restriction, it was like ice and snow meeting boiling water, rapidly melting.

This wasn't the end. Xu Qing shifted his gaze away and looked at the north finger that represented death.

The Poison Restriction similarly represented death.

The north finger instantly shook and the Poison Restriction churned like a fish in water.

After the two fingers were blocked, Xu Qing's body finally broke through the restraints and regained his freedom under the squirming of the soul threads.

He immediately pressed his hand toward the sky.

Withering Flame Demon Magic True Self Dao.

Three large inverted mountains appeared and descended from the sky, landing fiercely in the direction of the summer finger.

At the same time, with a thought from Xu Qing, the black spear in the distance changed directions, drawing a long mark in the sky as it stabbed toward the south finger that represented prosperity.

All of this took a long time to describe but it was completed in the blink of an eye.

At the next moment, the Poison Restriction, the Demon Mountains, and the spear rumbled in unison. The sounds fused together, transforming into a huge sound that split the sky and earth.

The east finger collapsed, the south finger shattered, the west finger broke, and the north finger turned to ashes.

The nine stars in the sky dimmed for a moment, no longer shining as brightly, but blending with the light of the other stars, as if dissipating.

Xu Qing rushed out and headed straight for Prince Mingnan.

 Prince Mingnan wasn't surprised that his divine power was destroyed. Instead, he revealed a cold smile and spoke softly.

"Memorized?"

He naturally wasn't asking Xu Qing. Countless responses instantly rang out from the sky, the ground, the void, the clouds, and all the locations in this area.

"I have memorized."

These three words were made up of countless different voices, including men, women, old, and young, with varying depths and sharpness, with cries, laughter, shouts, and murmurs...

All the voices were saying these three words.

Finally, the nine dim stars in the sky moved and formed a circle. After the starlight connected, it was like a black hole and a terrifying power spread out.

It didn't come from a cultivator's power, but exuded a dense divine aura. It also contained endless anomalous substances that surpassed the forbidden zone and the forbidden region...

It locked onto Xu Qing.

Xu Qing stopped. He had a feeling that he couldn't continue forward. Hence, he abruptly lifted his head and looked at the nine-star black hole that had locked onto him.

He had sensed a similar aura before.

That was...

Divine Realm!

Almost at the instant Xu Qing sensed it, an item fell from the nine-star black hole in the sky.

It was a piece of yellow paper.

A joss paper.

The yellow paper floated and fell, seemingly slowly, but in reality, it grew larger and larger, indicating astonishing speed. What was even more eerie was that there was a face on the yellow paper, rapidly being outlined.

That face... was none other than Xu Qing's.

When the Eldest Prince saw this scene, his anxiety became even more intense. He had lost to this move.

He had later found out that this yellow paper was given to Prince Mingnan by his father.

This item didn't come from Wanggu but from a Divine Realm that was filled with bizarre entities and death.

Shifting Star Nine-Star Suppression was just superficial; its true essence lay not in its destructive power, but in its ability to copy the enemy's soul using the inflicted damage.

When combined with that yellow paper, it could use the copied soul to be outlined by those eerie voices in a special way.

Make that Divine Realm remember Xu Qing's appearance.

After that… burn the sealed soul.

He wanted to struggle and remind Xu Qing, but he couldn't do it. The yellow paper that was rapidly falling had already begun to burn.

Just like how the living burned paper money for the dead, this yellow paper money was also being offered.

A huge pulling force emitted from the nine-star black hole as the paper money was burned. It enveloped Xu Qing's body and acted on his soul.

In that instant, Xu Qing lost his perception of his body. Overlapping shadows appeared on his body and his soul swayed inside, as though it was about to rise into the air.

There were also illusory iron chains that suddenly descended from the black hole in the sky, landing on Xu Qing's soul, binding it and pulling it upward.

Xu Qing's soul struggled with all its might but there were more and more iron chains. There were hundreds of them densely packed together, causing his soul to gradually be pulled out of his body.

"You only amount to this much."

Prince Mingnan stood in the air and calmly spoke.

"However, after fighting with you, I learned one thing. That is… don't give the enemy any chance to turn the tables."

"Therefore, even if your soul is powerless to reverse the situation, I won't give you the slightest chance."

"And taboo weapons, I have them too!"

Prince Mingnan revealed a strange glint in his eyes. He took a deep breath, bit his tongue, and spat out a mouthful of blood. His right hand rose swiftly, forming seals within the mist of blood.

With the celestial patterns of his seals, the blood mist surged outward, revealing an illusory scene within. It seemed to depict a sea of blood with thirty-six enormous whirlpools roaring within it.

Upon closer inspection, one could see that there were thirty-

six weapons in these thirty-six whirlpools.

Every one of them emitted the same forbidden aura as the black spear.

They were none other than the taboo weapons sealed in the emperor-level cultivation art, Thirty-Six Immortal Energy!

At that moment, with the enhancement of Prince Mingnan's seal, three of the 36 taboo weapons rumbled and pierced through the seal.

One was a trident.

It emitted a terrifying divine might and a monstrous aura.

Another was a long black saber.

The saber was chilling and its murderous intent intimidated everything.

The third was a blood-red battle-ax.

It was surrounded by countless souls, making it a chilling sight to behold.

In order to kill Xu Qing, Prince Mingnan displayed the utmost power of his divine arts, and these taboo weapons were no exception.

With a tug of his right hand, the three taboo weapons rushed out of the illusory scene, transforming from illusory to corporeal. The moment they appeared before Prince Mingnan, their taboo power erupted tremendously.

The Heavenly Dao should have stopped them, but… this was the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race. Flame Moon itself had Heavenly Dao under their control, making interference like this possible.

Hence, although muffled thunder echoed, no lightning struck.

As the killing intent in Prince Mingnan's eyes erupted, the three terrifying taboo weapons headed toward Xu Qing's body that was losing its soul!

There was no obstruction or resistance. Only a weak rainbow light seemed to flicker a few times inside.

After that, the trident pierced into Xu Qing's soul. The black lengthy saber slashed at his neck and the blood-red battle-ax hacked vertically at his chest.

His soul collapsed and transformed into light spots that floated toward the ground.

His head flew up. As it spun, it was thrown toward the magma.

His body was torn apart and countless pieces of flesh flew everywhere.

The Eldest Prince's expression was distorted and his eyes were bloodshot. He trembled and endless sorrow rose in his heart.

The captain seemed to be stunned as he remained motionless.

Prince Mingnan heaved a long sigh of relief. He was not satisfied.

"I didn't expect that other than those few people, there's really no one of the same generation who can exist under this move."

"Boring."

Prince Mingnan waved his hand and the nine stars in the sky dissipated. The surroundings returned to normal. He lifted his right hand and was about to grab at the place where Xu Qing had been torn to pieces.

However, at this moment, his expression suddenly changed. He sensed a vast and astonishing power of time erupting from Xu Qing's flesh, blood, and shattered soul.

Before he could confirm it, a huge and vast sundial actually appeared in mid-air. Amidst the rumbling, the color of the world changed and the sundial spun.

Time… reversed!

All the falling flesh, blood, and soul light spots rolled back at this instant. They quickly moved away from the ground, from the magma, and from the void. In the blink of an eye, they gathered together.

They formed Xu Qing's god form body and soul again.

The red soul threads swayed, and his crystal-like bones shone. His sinister body was filled with a unique sense of beauty. Xu Qing, who was standing there, watched like a statue of a god.

Light flashed!

He was completely unscathed!

When everyone saw this scene, the Eldest Prince, who was in the distance, was stunned.

The captain's expression was as calm as ever and a smile appeared on his face.

As for Prince Mingnan, he took a few steps back and stared fixedly at Xu Qing as he spoke word by word.

"Law of time!"

Xu Qing opened his eyes, which overflowed with a rainbow light. His expression was calm as he watched at the extremely solemn Prince Mingnan and calmly spoke.

"Although it was a little difficult, I still have to thank you."

As he spoke, Xu Qing raised his right hand and grabbed at the air.

Immediately, there was a lengthy black saber with monstrous ferocity, a trident with horrifying divine might, a blood-red battle-ax that had an endless murderous aura, and an indestructible black spear…

Four taboo weapons appeared around Xu Qing at the same time!































































This scene caused the hearts of the Eldest Prince and the group of humans in the distance to tremble with disbelief.

The battle between Xu Qing and Prince Mingnan truly exceeded their judgment.

That kind of law of time that reversed life and death was already strange and astonishing, let alone the taboo weapons Xu Qing summoned with a wave of his hand.

Three of them had clearly been used by Prince Mingnan just earlier.

In a short period of time, Xu Qing actually displayed the same three weapons. Two words rose in their minds.

A monster.

Only a monstrous being could possess such terrifying comprehension ability!

Even the morning glow, by traditional standards, couldn't reach such terrifying levels. This was the result of Xu Qing combining his divine intent with numerous comprehensions, pushing it to an unprecedented and unimaginable degree.

Back then, even the heir and Third Grandma were shocked, let alone the others.

Hence, at this moment, the waves in the young prince's heart had already surged into the sky, transforming into countless muffled thunder that kept exploding in his mind.

The muffled rumbling sound caused his breathing to become hurried and his body instinctively retreated. He looked at the taboo weapons beside Xu Qing in disbelief and tried his best to control his emotions, trying to calm down.

"You…"

He couldn't finish his sentence.

This was because an even greater shock was displayed by Xu Qing at the next instant. It shook everyone.

Xu Qing lifted his right hand and looked at the serene sky. In an instant, a loud explosion rang out from the sky.

This sound was like the roar of a god. As it echoed through the world, the stars in the starry sky dimmed!



Only the nine stars shone brightly.

Starlight scattered down, forming four vast fingers under the sky that enveloped the ground and Prince Mingnan.

It was… Prince Mingnan's Thirty-Six Immortal Energies' Star Shifting Nine-Stars Suppression.

"Impossible!" Prince Mingnan could no longer control his expression.

"It's impossible to learn an emperor-level cultivation art without a Dao seed!"

Xu Qing calmly took a deep breath.

The world rumbled as endless power rapidly entered Xu Qing's mouth. In fact, a huge vortex formed in the surroundings. One could see how strong the suction force was.

As the power from all directions gushed in, Xu Qing's physical strength soared!

Seventeen consecutive times!

The color of the world changed and the wind howled. A terrifying force that caused one's heart to tremble rose from Xu Qing's body.

Prince Mingnan's expression was gloomy as he stared at Xu Qing.

"What you displayed isn't a true emperor-level cultivation art. It's a simulation. It only has its form and doesn't have its essence!"

"However, this battle is meaningless."

As he spoke, he turned and sped away without any hesitation.

He didn't want to fight anymore. Although he still had many methods and trump cards, if this continued, he had a feeling that all his trump cards would probably be unable to kill the other party.

Although he also had a similar method to reverse life and death, he instinctively didn't want to show it in front of Xu Qing.

The feeling of nurturing the enemy was very disgusting.

Hence, he fled extremely fast. In an instant, he arrived at the horizon and was about to leave.

Xu Qing stared at him. He then lifted his right hand and waved it forward as a calm voice rang out.

 "Do you think you can fight and leave whenever you want to?"

The moment he finished speaking, four fingers in the sky descended, heading straight for Prince Mingnan. East, west, south, north, spring, summer, autumn, and winter descended in unison.

"Seal!"

Seal his soul and seal his possibility of escape and teleportation!

There were also four rainbows that represented death that rushed out from Xu Qing's side, cutting through the sky as they rapidly approached Prince Mingnan.

Xu Qing's counterattack was fully unleashed at this moment. The sky turned blurry and the clouds rumbled. A huge prison that covered an area of 500 kilometers appeared in the sky.

It immediately descended to the ground.

In this prison, one could see rows of cells. Many of them were filled with prisoners. Some were at a loss, some were laughing foolishly, some were wailing, and some were crying.

The myriad of forms of all living beings were all revealed here.

On the other hand, the head and the others let out strange cries. The god's finger also flipped over and slammed fiercely.

Immediately, D132's sealing power soared and rapidly landed on the ground.

If it wasn't for the sealing power of the four fingers, it was possible for Prince Mingnan to escape. After all, D132's descent required time. This was also one of its few flaws.

But now, Prince Mingnan couldn't escape.

The four fingers' seal began to collapse under his counterattack, but he was still delayed. At the next instant, the world darkened.

D132 landed in the human world.

Boom!

It encompassed 500 kilometers which included the area Prince Mingnan was in!

Immediately after, misfortune began to spread and forgetfulness began to grow. Four taboo weapons intertwined and arrived. Prince Mingnan's breathing was hurried. He could sense how terrifying this prison was, so he performed a series of hand seals and counterattacked, while trying to break out.

The four taboo weapons chased after him. Every time they landed, they would unleash destructive power.

Rumbling sounds echoed out, difficult to determine what was happening.

Immediately after, countless sounds rang out from the cell. Among them, the head's voice was the sharpest.

"A prisoner wants to break out of prison and destroy the unity!"

All the cells instantly opened and figures rushed out one after another. They pounced at Prince Mingnan with malice and greed.

What was even more astonishing was that D132's cage actually began to shrink, forming a crushing force, making it increasingly difficult for Prince Mingnan inside.

As misfortune completely erupted, forgetfulness became increasingly intense and the effects began to act up.

At the same time, Xu Qing appeared in front of D132 in the blink of an eye. His terrifying physical strength transformed into soul-stirring might as he pressed down with his palm.

Prince Mingnan spat out a mouthful of blood and his body paused. The four taboo weapons behind him were almost upon him again. He was about to utilize his divine ability to counterattack.

However, an accident occurred, the divine ability that should have activated smoothly halted. Even though it started activating immediately after, it was still a moment late at this critical moment.

The black spear pierced through his back at a speed that surpassed lightning, creating an explosion.

Prince Mingnan let out a grunt, his expression ferocious. With a low growl, his whole body shimmered with black light, forming a protective array in the shape of an inner circle surrounded by a triangle. It rotated in a certain pattern to block the remaining three taboo weapons.

However, it couldn't block Xu Qing's rapidly approaching punch.

As the punch landed, the black light collapsed. Prince Mingnan spat out another mouthful of blood and wanted to use a spell. However, a hint of confusion flashed in his eyes.

Forgetfulness.

The trident rushed over and pierced through Prince Mingnan's abdomen.

The black long saber swept over and slashed at his waist.

The instant his body was split into two, the blood-red battle-ax got close and hacked fiercely.

The intense pain and life-and-death crisis caused Prince Mingnan's expression to immediately recover. At the critical moment, he forcefully dodged the battle-ax that was about to land on his forehead, causing it to slash down from his right shoulder.

With a boom, half of his upper body was completely cut open.

As blood spurted out, Prince Mingnan let out a wail and controlled his body to retreat rapidly, wanting to proceed to use a spell. However, at the next instant, the Diamond Sect's ancestor rushed over and stabbed into his forehead.

The huge force caused Prince Mingnan's body to roll back.

At the next moment, Xu Qing's figure appeared behind Prince Mingnan. Killing intent flashed in his eyes as he lifted his right hand and a dagger appeared. He stretched it out in front of Prince Mingnan's neck and ruthlessly slit it.

The head flew up!

This series of killing moves was completely smooth with no delay in-between.

He directly killed him!

Xu Qing's habit made him instinctively wave his hand. Immediately, the power of the Poison Restriction spread out, enveloping the remains of Prince Mingnan and rapidly corroding them.

D132's contraction also stopped at this moment. All the prisoners inside let out strange laughter.

However, Xu Qing's expression darkened.

D132's cell didn't have Prince Mingnan's soul!

This meant that… this person wasn't dead!

As a cold glint rose in Xu Qing's eyes, wisps of green smoke suddenly appeared at the place where Prince Mingnan had died earlier and instantly gathered together. As a voice echoed, Prince Mingnan's body directly formed.

"Return to the Light!"

A majestic force rose from Prince Mingnan's body, seemingly unrelated to time but more like a blessing.

Xu Qing's eyes narrowed as he observed carefully.

D132 shook under the power of blessing. As for Prince Mingnan, his eyes suddenly opened. His expression was gloomy and his eyes revealed killing intent as he looked at Xu Qing.

"I can also reverse life and death. I just don't want to proceed fighting with you. Do you really believe I can't do anything to you?!"

As he spoke, he lifted his right hand and a black copper coin appeared in it. He bent down and pressed it fiercely on the ground.

With this push, the ground of D132 trembled and a green array formation instantly spread in all directions with Prince Mingnan as the center.

The center of this array formation was round, the outer layer was triangular, and the outermost layer was circular. They rotated together, emitting rumbling sounds. At the same time, it also looked like a special compass.

It was filled with a large number of runes. At this moment, each of them shone with a golden light. Six runes rose into the air and grew larger.

Their shapes varied, resembling '戊, 己, 庚, 辛, 壬, 癸'.

The moment they appeared, they enveloped the surroundings. each of them distorted into black stone doors, exuding the aura of ancient times and accompanied by chilling winds laden with death.

There were six runes, but seven doors.

The last one appeared behind Prince Mingnan. Unlike the aura of demise emitted by the other six doors, this seventh door exuded vitality.

"Human, since you seek death, let's observe if your laws of time can reverse my taboo killing spell!"

"Taboo six runes and seven doors!"

As the voice echoed and merged with the chilling wind, the six runes began to rotate. The doors behind them stood tall and slightly opened. Voices from the netherworld seemed to be calling from within.

They called out to Xu Qing!

Amidst the calls, Xu Qing's blurry figure appeared above the six doors and was being devoured by them.

The faster the six runes rotated, the faster they would devour!

Xu Qing's body trembled. As cracking sounds rang out, six long marks appeared on his body. They entered his soul and began to tear it.

Seeing this, Xu Qing narrowed his eyes and immediately sat down. His right finger landed on his forehead, hovering three inches apart from it.

A large number of black patterns rapidly formed on his forehead. The densely-packed blood vessels formed a sinister ghost face.

As soon as the ghost face appeared, a cold wind gusted. It was like a lantern, swaying and igniting in the cold wind.

It was the Seven Lanterns Underworld Fire Curse!

Using a curse technique to suppress the taboo art.

See who dies first!

Or perhaps, it would depend on who was unable to withstand the other's spell!































































It had to be said that as a heaven's chosen of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race, Prince Mingnan's combat strength was indeed astonishing. If it was anyone else of the same generation, they would probably find it difficult to fight him.

Prince Mingnan had a tough physical body.

His spells were also bizarre and incisive.

This was especially so for that Return to the Light blessing. It was the same as Xu Qing's time law. It was an art that allowed him to be immortal to a certain extent.

Such an opponent was extremely difficult to kill.

Similarly, it also stimulated Xu Qing's battle intent. At that moment, a ghost lantern appeared on his forehead!

After that, Xu Qing's finger moved and landed on his left shoulder.

A second ghost lantern appeared there.

The underworld fire swayed and Xu Qing's finger moved rapidly, landing on the other shoulder, dantian, and legs. Finally, the place he pointed at was his heart.

At the next moment, all seven ghost lanterns appeared.

As they burned, the figure of Prince Mingnan appeared in the flames.

The curse power erupted.

Prince Mingnan's expression turned even uglier. He could sense that Xu Qing was difficult to deal with. This was something he hadn't expected at the start.

The last thing he wanted to face was someone like him who could reverse death and cast bizarre spells.

What he was most worried about was that if the other party learned all his spells, it would be extremely disadvantageous for him.



This was also the reason why he didn't want to continue earlier.

However, now that he was caught between a rock and a hard place, he had no choice but to fight. He gritted his teeth fiercely and saw the intention of this human in front of him. He wanted to bet with him on who could last the longest.

To be precise, it was who came back to life more times.

Or… whoever found the flaw in the other party's revival art first!

Prince Mingnan threw caution to the wind. His eyes were bloodshot as he quickly performed a series of hand seals with both hands. The life gate behind him sent a large amount of vitality that fused into his body. At the same time, the compass under him spun rapidly.

It was the same for the six runes in the air. Xu Qing's figures on the doors of death were also rapidly becoming blurry as 14:45

they were bitten and devoured.

Xu Qing felt intense pain in his entire body and the feeling of life and death spread in his mind.

However, Xu Qing had been ruthless since he was young. He coldly looked at Prince Mingnan. As the seven lanterns on his body burned, one of them was extinguished.

Prince Mingnan spat out a mouthful of blood. He gritted his teeth and sped up.

Xu Qing's entire body trembled as he extinguished the second, third, and fourth lanterns.

Prince Mingnan's body trembled and his entire body decayed. However, the killing intent in his eyes intensified. Amidst the rumbling sounds, three of Xu Qing's blurry figures on the six doors dissipated.

Xu Qing's body cracked and began to break.

However, this rupture didn't affect the extinguishing of the ghost lanterns. In the blink of an eye, the fifth, sixth, and seventh lanterns… were extinguished in unison.

The moment they were extinguished was also the moment his figures on the six doors disappeared.

Xu Qing's body completely shattered into pieces. His body and soul were collapsing.

Prince Mingnan faced the same thing. Under the curse of the seven lanterns, even though the door of life behind him sent him life force, he still couldn't withstand it. His body withered, his hair fell, and his life force was destroyed. His body directly melted and his body and soul were destroyed!

At the next instant, within D132, one could see the power of blessing erupting, as well as the image of a sundial forming and spinning.

Immediately after, Prince Mingnan's body reformed.

Xu Qing's shattered body and soul also rolled over and rapidly fused together, unscathed.

 The two of them opened their eyes at the same time and looked at each other.

"Damn it!"

Prince Mingnan raised his right hand and was about to press down on the copper coin that had landed on the ground.

However, at that moment, a shadow leaped from the side and enveloped the copper coin as his hand descended.

Amidst the rumbling, it seemed like a wail emanated from within. The shadow dissipated, and the copper coin it had enveloped vanished without a trace.

When it appeared, it was in Xu Qing's hand!

However, the moment he touched it, he felt an intense burning sensation and his hand started melting. He couldn't use this item for the time being.

Hence, Xu Qing waved his hand and threw it into the shadow on the ground.

That shadow was none other than Little Shadow.

It was originally in a deep sleep but Xu Qing had forcefully awakened it earlier. It took advantage of the opportunity when Prince Mingnan was reviving, to approach him and snatch the copper coin at the critical moment.

However, it had paid a huge price for this and was very dim now.

"That's not something you can use!"

Prince Mingnan stared at Xu Qing. The moment he spoke, Xu Qing lifted his right hand and calmly spoke.

"I also have a taboo art for killing."

As he spoke, he pointed at the sky with his right hand. Immediately, the sky above D132 changed color.

The Heavenly Dao Mosasaur roared and arrived, covering the sky and transforming into an incomparably huge heavenly blade!

As the divine curse, Poison Restriction, spread, it flowed along the edge of the heavenly blade and became its edge.

The morning glow shone brightly, becoming the blade light!

As soon as this blade appeared, D132 shook and rapidly changed its form. It became long and narrow, like a groove for the blade.

Prince Mingnan's pupils contracted. He could sense the terrifying aura from this blade and the ancient feeling of time. Most importantly, he sensed traces of gods being killed on this blade.

All of this caused his expression to change drastically.

"This is…"

As Prince Mingnan inhaled, he felt a sense of danger spreading throughout his body. He immediately lifted his hands pointed at his forehead and heart, inhaling deeply.

In an instant, his entire body began to wither. It was even to the extent that his foundation seemed to have been shaken. Clearly… he had to pay a huge price to use this spell.

"Curse Art, Seven Arrows to the Nail!"

Prince Mingnan spewed out seven mouthfuls of black blood in succession. With each expulsion, his body further decayed until he resembled nothing more than a skeleton.

The seven mouthfuls of black blood transformed into seven blood arrows, each carrying a deadly curse and exuding a terrifying aura as they gathered momentum towards Xu Qing.

In order to make sure the arrows had sufficient power, Prince Mingnan simply continued to spit out blood and augment the seven arrows.

Xu Qing ignored them and his cold voice echoed.

"The Golden Crow is the connection, and the Purple Moon is the seal!"

The Golden Crow danced and the Purple Moon formed runic marks. Under the control of the divine repository, they became one.

"Containing with time…"

"Controlling and commanding with the Sundial life lantern…"

Five sundials formed behind Xu Qing. The flames of the life lanterns shook the sky and the gnomons on them spun rapidly as the aura of time erupted.

At the next instant, they pointed towards quarter to noon!

"At noon on the Sundial, heaven and earth shall be slashed together!"

Xu Qing's eyes gleamed as he looked at Prince Mingnan and slashed out!

The heavenly blade descended from the sky like a huge curtain or a mountain range, causing the sky to be shrouded and the ground to tremble.

At the same time, Prince Mingnan also let out a loud shout. The seven arrows in front of him that were continuously enhanced by him suddenly swelled up and became incomparably huge. They rapidly flew toward the falling heavenly blade.

At the next instant, the God Slaying Blade collided with the seven arrows.

The world rumbled and a storm stirred up in D132. Seven arrows erupted and they kept resisting, but it was useless. They could only barely resist for a while before they collapsed one by one!

The divine might was endless and the falling blade no longer had any obstruction. It seemed to have cut through the void and shattered the void, landing on the head of Prince Mingnan.

There was a loud explosion.

A huge ravine directly appeared on the ground, stirring up a storm of endless baleful aura that spread to both sides.

Immediately after, Xu Qing performed a series of hand seals with both hands. D132's power of misfortune erupted, affecting the formation of the other party's blessing.

Forgetfulness enveloped him, causing him to forget the blessing.

Xu Qing himself attacked, destroying everything.

The Poison Restriction also descended, corroding everything. A Sundial also appeared, locking onto that area and sealing spacetime, stopping the other party's blessing from recovering.

It was indeed effective.

This time, Prince Mingnan's recovery wasn't completed in an instant like before. It only barely formed after dozens of breaths.

Although his body appeared again, in the blink of an eye, the heavenly blade landed again.

With a boom, Prince Mingnan's body and soul were destroyed again.

Xu Qing's eyes were cold. His body was in mid-air as he performed a series of hand seals with both hands. All kinds of divine arts landed. A hundred breaths later, when the power of blessing appeared again and Prince Mingnan's body was revealed, all the methods that were prepared in advance erupted in unison, drowning the figure of Prince Mingnan.

He was dead again.

"Let's see how long your blessing will last."

Xu Qing waved his hands and the divine might of the entire D132 spread out, augmenting the seal and forming an absolute death formation, causing Prince Mingnan to fall into a completely passive state.

There were also four fingers from the east, west, north, and south that rapidly formed. Four taboo weapons rushed through the air. The Diamond Sect's ancestor hid himself, prepared to deliver another fatal blow at any time.

Just like that, two hours passed.

During this period, Prince Mingnan revived 13 times. Every time he appeared, he would be instantly killed by the methods Xu Qing had arranged. During this time, Prince Mingnan tried to use all kinds of ways to resist but he was too late.

Moreover, each time, his revival took longer than the last time.

This scene caused the hearts of everyone outside to stir endlessly.

They could sense how powerful this Prince Mingnan was and how difficult it was to kill him. Similarly… it was also because of this that they realized how terrifying and ruthless Xu Qing was.

This was especially so when they recalled the process and details of this battle. It was as though… from the moment they fought, the rhythm was within Xu Qing's control.

Regardless of whether it was the initial probing or the adjustments after knowing that the other party also possessed the revival technique, Xu Qing had always taken the initiative.

Every time he attacked, he had a motive.

The curse art was to search for the foundation and flaws of the enemy's revival technique. The taboo blade was to create an opportunity.

Just as everyone outside was shocked, in D132, as the blessing aura formed again and Xu Qing's methods erupted in unison, an anxious divine sense erupted from the blessing aura.

"Divine technique, Eye of the Sun Flame!!"

In this extreme passive state, Prince Mingnan had died more than ten times in a row. This time, he clearly sensed that he wasn't far from true death, so he risked everything.

He became unleashing all of his blessings in one explosive burst.

As his voice echoed, the power of blessing rose unprecedentedly and directly soared, passing through D132 and surging into the sky outside.

The sky in the Third Inner Region instantly rippled.

In an instant, a massive crack opened in the sky, emitting a golden light.

It became a massive eye!

It wasn't of the fragmented-face but… of the High God Sun Flame!































































"As expected!"

A dark glint appeared in Xu Qing's eyes. When he saw Prince Mingnan reviving time and again, it made him think of the head, the stone lion, and the others.

Hence, he continued to exert pressure, aiming to push the opponent into a corner, prompting an all-out burst.

This was because… the god's blessing was the reason why Prince Mingnan could revive after death!

To a certain extent, it was the same as the prisoners in D132. Under the influence of the god, they were undying.

If he wanted to kill Prince Mingnan, he had to break this blessing.

"Sun Flame High God."

Outside D132's cage, the expressions of the Eldest Prince and the other humans changed drastically and their breathing became hurried.

A hint of disgust and hostility flashed in the captain's eyes. He narrowed his eyes and stared at the huge eye that had appeared in the sky.

A huge gap opened in the sky and endless golden light scattered down from the gap, landing on the ground.

The clouds and fog in the whole area collapsed, not daring to exist.

The magma on the ground instantly froze and didn't dare to churn.

All the rules here were directly erased. All the laws here became illusory.

In front of gods, there were no rules.

Only in the crack that had opened in the sky, the cold eye that appeared in the golden light that couldn't be looked at directly didn't have any emotions. It was calm and high and mighty.

It was as though everything under Its gaze was dust.



The power of anomalous substances instantly filled the world. Time and space intertwined and countless lives seemed to be forming before directly dimming. All possibilities seemed to appear and shatter.

There was no beginning or end, no rise or fall.

Under this gaze, a forbidden zone… began to appear.

Numerous burning red vines grew out of the solidified magma. As they swayed, the faces of all living beings appeared and let out cries of pain. Their range continued to expand.

There were also mountains and rivers undulating inside.

To a certain extent, this was already similar to the power of the fragmented-face. However, the fragmented-face's gaze would certainly create a forbidden zone, and was an irreversible natural phenomenon.

And now, under the gaze of the Sun Flame High God, although an embryonic form of the forbidden zone appeared, it didn't have a foundation. It was as though after the gaze disappeared, it would also dissipate.

However, no matter what, this gaze shook and affected everything.

The bodies of the Eldest Prince and the others began to mutate. They wanted to wail as pain uncontrollably spread throughout their bodies.

The captain seemed to be trying his best to restrain it, and signs of melting appeared on his body.

Xu Qing's body was also affected and became blurry under the god's gaze. All the flesh and blood in his body emitted the intent to become independent at this instant, as though they wanted to separate.

There were also a large number of flesh buds that grew out of his god form body and spread out.

D132 also disintegrated under this gaze and was entangled by those red vines.

The god's finger trembled and the entire cage blurred at a speed visible to the naked eye. It was as though time had stopped for Prince Mingnan and all the spells Xu Qing had set up in the surroundings.

His body finally gathered again at this moment.

However, this time around, although he looked normal, he no longer had the characteristic of being undying. His entire person was no longer extraordinary and his expression was distorted. His eyes contained the joy of surviving a calamity mixed with madness as he stared fixedly at Xu Qing, who was showing signs of mutation.

"I have the blessing of the Sun Flame High God on me. Human… under the god's gaze, you're just an ant!"

Xu Qing didn't bother with Prince Mingnan, nor did he care about the flesh buds growing on his body and the independence of his flesh and blood.

This wasn't the first time he had experienced this feeling. Although he couldn't be said to be used to it, he knew that as long as the source was dissipated, it would at most consume some life force.

 Hence, he lifted his head and stared at the huge eye in the sky.

Although gods couldn't be looked at directly, Xu Qing's eyes were pitch-black. The Poison Restriction allowed him to stare at It to a certain extent.

As he stared, Xu Qing took a deep breath and his god form body instantly dissipated. Millions of soul threads rapidly circulated outside his body and gathered again, forming a new body.

This body was that of a clay fox!

It was astonishingly tall and looked the same as the clay fox in his memories.

It was Star Flame High God.

The moment it was formed, Xu Qing lifted his right hand. He then lifted the token given by the clay fox high up.

Under the influence of the Sun Flame's gaze, the token trembled. At the next instant, it emitted endless starlight that enveloped the surroundings and landed on Xu Qing's body.

It flowed like a river of stars and the starlight in the surroundings transformed into pink flames that rose.

The might of the Star Flame rose shockingly.

The world trembled and all the red vines fell silent in unison. The anomalous substances that permeated the world tried to resist the pink flames.

It was as though thunder echoed in the void and exploded.

This scene caused Prince Mingnan's expression to change.

"Star Flame… Divine Envoy!!"

Xu Qing, who was enveloped by the sparks, seemed to have become a true Star Flame Divine Envoy at this moment. Moreover, it was of the highest level.

As he stood there, the pink flames seemed to have become a blessing that continued to circle and rotate, forming a huge vortex that rumbled and shook the void.

Xu Qing was gambling.

He bet that the high and mighty god wouldn't really open Its divine eye for a Nihility cultivator. The huge eye that appeared this time was only a manifestation of the power of blessing.

Even though it was a blessing, in the god's understanding, there was no difference between Nihility and mortals.

To a certain extent, it was not completely gambling. Xu Qing understood gods better than many cultivators.

He was aware that in this state, the clay fox formed by his soul threads and the token in his hand would fuse together to form an aura that could transform into a protective technique.

Regardless of whether the other party's eye was real or not.

Xu Qing had gambled correctly!

The huge golden eye in the sky focused Its cold gaze on Xu Qing before looking at the token.

After that… It slowly closed. Finally, the crack in the sky began to dissipate. A while later, it completely disappeared.

The huge eye left.

Xu Qing had proven his identity. Compared to a god's highest envoy, a servant who wasn't important could naturally be given up.

This scene caused Prince Mingnan's countenance to instantly turn pale. He looked at the disappearing giant eye and then at Xu Qing. Unwillingness, grief, and indignation filled his heart as all kinds of thoughts churned in his mind.

His greatest trump card was useless in front of the other party.

His background now was completely meaningless.

This was an outcome he never expected. No matter what, he couldn't have expected that Xu Qing… was actually the Star Flame Divine Envoy.

"This matter…"

Prince Mingnan looked at the Eldest Prince and the others venomously.

In his opinion, these people knew about this but they pretended not to know earlier. This made him make a wrong judgment…

Otherwise, why would he deliberately wait…

However, it was too late now. He had lost the blessing of immortality and his trump card. When he thought of Xu Qing's cruelty and ruthlessness earlier, his heart trembled.

Hence, he didn't hesitate at all and turned his head abruptly. The qi and blood in his body burned as he sped into the distance.

He wanted to make use of the opportunity when the other party's cage dissipated to escape this place.

The teleportation method was also instantly activated.

However, how could Xu Qing let him escape just like that? Killing intent flashed in his eyes.

"Eldest Senior Brother."

As he spoke, he waved his hand and four taboo weapons flashed as he gave chase.

The Diamond Sect's ancestor also appeared from the darkness and sped over. He even let out a sinister laugh. It was unknown if it was to boost himself or to intimidate Prince Mingnan.

There were also four fingers that formed in the sky and suppressed Prince Mingnan.

The captain laughed. In the blink of an eye, blue light erupted from his body. As it spread through the sky, it formed a ghastly mouth that was like a heavenly dog as it headed straight for Prince Mingnan.

The blue light enveloped the surroundings. The moment Prince Mingnan's teleportation was about to be activated, Xu Qing's divine art and taboo weapons reached him.

Xu Qing also reached at the same time as the captain, and the two moved towards Prince Mingnan.

One slashed with a dagger, while the other bit down.

They didn't need to speak and naturally had a tacit understanding.

In an instant, Prince Mingnan resisted with all his might. However, no matter how he defended, it was useless.

Finally, a heart-rending scream rang out as his body was penetrated by the four taboo weapons. Half of his body was corroded by the blue light and a wound appeared on his neck.

His head flew up.

The Diamond Sect's ancestor pierced into his forehead.

Form annihilation!

However, this Prince Mingnan was indeed extraordinary. Faced with such slaughter, only his physical body collapsed, while his soul seized the opportunity to escape.

The teleportation activated, and the soul disappeared.

Xu Qing performed a series of hand seals and pointed. The four taboo weapons emitted shocking killing intent as they headed straight for the place where the soul had disappeared. It was as though they had calculated that the other party would definitely appear.

The captain grinned. With a wave of his hand, five pieces of flesh emerged and he cast a spell.

At the next instant, the spirit of the departing Prince Mingnan was directly drawn out of the vortex formed by the teleportation. His expression was filled with disbelief and despair, and tried to make a sound.

However, it was too late.

The instant he appeared, Xu Qing's four taboo weapons had already appeared in front of Prince Mingnan and landed fiercely on his soul.

The long saber slashed it, the battle-ax destroyed it, the trident annihilated its future, and the spear burned past.

A heart-rending sound emerged but immediately dissipated.

Soul annihilation!

The captain's figure emerged from the blue light. He licked the corner of his mouth and smiled at the Eldest Prince and the others in the distance.

As for Xu Qing, he arrived at the place where Prince Mingnan had died. He lifted his right hand and grabbed at the void. Immediately, forbidden mountains emerged out of thin air and gathered above his head.

There were nearly 400 forbidden mountains from Prince Mingnan.

Coupled with Xu Qing's previous 300-odd mountains, he now had more than 700 forbidden mountains. The mountains above him undulated and gave off a terrifying aura.

That destructive intent was even more obvious.

When the human cultivators saw this scene, their hearts were in turmoil. All of them instinctively bowed to Xu Qing. However, there were also some among them who gazed at the spot where Prince Mingnan had died with worried expressions.

Although they didn't say it explicitly, everyone knew what they were thinking.

After all, Prince Mingnan's father had a high status and his son had been killed. It was very likely that he would vent his anger on the human race.

Xu Qing could see this and gazed at the Eldest Prince.

The Eldest Prince fell silent. A few breaths later, he gazed at the whip marks on everyone's bodies and recalled the humiliation he had suffered on the way. His gaze were a little dim as he spoke in a low voice.

"It was my fault. A peace that is exchanged with dignity is not peace."

When the captain heard this, his gaze was deep as he calmly spoke.

"There's no peace that isn't exchanged through bloodshed. Regardless of whether it's the other party or our side, when there's enough bloodshed, peace will naturally arrive."































































The world seemed to be silent.

After the battle between Xu Qing and Prince Mingnan, the sky seemed to be riddled with holes.

The starlight outside scattered wantonly along the incomplete parts, as though it had draped a gauze of the starry sky over this area, giving it a sense of mystery.

The deep pits and large-scale depressions in the magma on the ground also gradually recovered. After they were filled, the temperature began to rise.

With the end of this battle, everything became peaceful.

Only the captain's voice echoed slightly.

It was rare for him to say such formal words.

After saying that, the captain stood there with his hands behind his back and looked into the distance.

The wind blew down from the clouds, lifting the captain's long hair and sleeves. A few strands of it fluttered in front of his eyes. Through the gaps in the hair, one could see some reminiscence and emotion in the captain's eyes.

It was as though he had a special experience that ordinary people didn't have. Hence, at this moment, he was like a lonely commander standing at the center of the battlefield.

When everyone in the human race saw this scene, they all felt something.

Some of them had heard of Erniu.

After all, just like Xu Qing's 100,000 feet of light in the Heart Inquisition was a record, the captain's ten feet of light was also unprecedented. To some extent, it also represented a certain level of experience.

But now, as Erniu's words echoed, these people's impression of him changed drastically.

Even the Eldest Prince took a few more glances at Erniu. He then cupped his hands and bowed.

The captain raised his eyebrows slightly, but his expression remained the same.



It was very difficult for others to notice but Xu Qing could tell that the captain was posing again with just a glance.

However, he naturally wouldn't expose him. With a wave of his hand, a forbidden mountain descended from above and headed straight for the Eldest Prince.

That was the mountain reserved for the Eldest Prince in the forbidden zone previously. Now, it had returned to its rightful owner.

"See you at the Divine Mountain."

Xu Qing calmly spoke.

Xu Qing didn't have much interaction with the Eldest Prince previously but he knew that the Eldest Prince was also a participant in the Grand Hunt.

According to the rules of the Grand Hunt, if one didn't fight for first place, then having a forbidden mountain could be considered to have met the basic requirements.

As for whether the Eldest Prince could preserve it till the end, it wasn't something Xu Qing could interfere with.

After sending out a forbidden mountain, Xu Qing walked toward the horizon. The captain continued to maintain his sighing expression and walked side by side with Xu Qing.

The two of them flickered in the sky.

On the ground, all the humans were staring. Just as Xu Qing and the captain were about to disappear from their sight, the Eldest Prince suddenly spoke.

"Lord Xu."

The first prince cupped his fists and bowed!

"I wish you success!"

He could already tell that Xu Qing's target was the Mystic Heaven General!

Otherwise, there was no need for so many forbidden mountains.

All the humans beside him lowered their heads and bowed toward the sky with sincerity.

Xu Qing stopped in his tracks and turned his head to look at the ground. After a while, he returned the greeting.

After that, he took a step into the distance and disappeared with the captain.

 As for the bone dragon carriage, it was also kept by Xu Qing.

After a long time, the Eldest Prince and the human cultivators each took a deep breath. After looking at each other, all their gazes gathered on the Eldest Prince.

The Eldest Prince looked at the place where Xu Qing had disappeared and spoke in a low voice.

"Our next goal isn't to exchange for peace but to think of a way to obtain enough information for Lord Xu. We'll do our best to prepare for Lord Xu to fight for the Mystic Heaven General!"

With that, the Eldest Prince began to make arrangements. As he made the arrangements, the group of people dispersed and gathered information according to the Eldest Prince's request.

Just like that, three days slowly passed.

In these three days, the news of Prince Mingnan's death gradually spread.

At the start, it was just a rumor. Most of the people who heard it didn't believe it. There were even people who scoffed and thought that it was nonsense.

In their judgment, there weren't many people with the ability and guts to kill Prince Mingnan with his background and combat strength.

He was the only son of King Mingnan.

However, as the news continued to spread, the doubts slowly decreased and the shock gradually increased. In addition, Prince Mingnan never appeared. In the end, the news of his death became a hot topic and was noticed by many cultivators of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race.

After all, as an influential figure in the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race, Prince Mingnan's every move was paid attention to. His sudden disappearance… the answer revealed by this caused waves in the hearts of everyone.

Hence, many cultivators came to the location of the battle between Prince Mingnan and Xu Qing these few days. They each investigated and guessed the truth from a series of clues.

This truth transformed into a storm that swept through the entire race at an extremely fast speed.

"Prince Mingnan… suspected to be dead!"

"The person who killed Prince Mingnan is a human!"

"Someone has already recognized the identity of that human. This person… is called Xu Qing!"

Countless pieces of information were unearthed in a short period of time. Even Xu Qing's past was found out.

It was just that… as they learned more, an even greater storm began to erupt.

Xu Qing's past was something that even the cultivators of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race were shocked by.

"The lord of Fenghai County!"

"In the Moon Offering Region, participated in the slaughter of the god!"

"Is honored as a god in the Black Spirit Region!"

"Killed a prince in the human capital! Carries the Great Emperor's sword!"

"His single word can decide the prosperity and decline of an entire region!"

"It's said that this person possesses the art of a half-god. His poison art is astonishing and he even has the authority of the Purple Moon!"

"Not only does he have Soul Accumulation Dao Protectors behind him, but he also has the blessing of a god!"

"Also… this Xu Qing seems to be the divine envoy of the Star Flame Temple!"

Each information was more sensational than the other. As the news spread, Xu Qing's reputation rose in the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race.

In addition, he had killed a lot in the Grand Hunt, so almost all the participants in the Grand Hunt knew of his existence.

Before he arrived at the Divine Mountain, his name was already known by everyone.

There was another important point here, and that was the number of forbidden mountains Xu Qing had. As he strolled toward the Divine Mountain, he began to attract the attention of passersby.

He had too many forbidden mountains.

Coupled with Xu Qing's reputation, wherever he passed, he appeared to possess a piercing power that attracted all gazes like Prince Mingnan.

Among them, some were indifferent, some were hostile, some were unconvinced, and some were indignant.

After all, a human had obtained so many forbidden mountains in their Grand Hunt and suppressed almost all of their participants. This matter made them feel like they were inferior.

It would have been fine if the human race was strong, but the current human race was weak.

Hence, this feeling turned into humiliation in the hearts of many of the Flame Moon Race.

The hostility grew increasingly intense.

More and more people were paying attention.

Numerous pieces of information about Xu Qing's whereabouts and harvest also continued to disseminated as time passed.

"Xu Qing's group has crossed the third inner region!"

"During this time, the Baize Race halted him but was killed. He has nearly 800 forbidden mountains!"

"Xu Qing has stepped into the second inner region!"

"He killed many more participants. His forbidden mountains have exceeded 800."

"He is getting close to the first inner region!"

"Forbidden mountains, 900!"

"He… killed his way into the first inner region. He's less than five days away from the Divine Mountain!"

"Someone has noticed the astonishing baleful aura on Xu Qing's body!"

Xu Qing's every action was being watched closely.

In fact, many Flame Moon cultivators saw that Xu Qing's aura was like a rainbow as he continued to rise. Hence, their attention landed on King Mingnan.

After all, his son's death was very likely to cause a calamity.

However, the strange thing was that… from the start to the end, King Mingnan didn't do anything.

However, as the news of Xu Qing approaching the Divine Mountain spread, some of the heaven's chosen among the cultivators of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven finally became interested in Xu Qing.

Although Prince Mingnan was strong, he wasn't the peak of his peers in the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven. There were more than ten people who surpassed him.

These true heaven's chosens of Flame Moon had different personalities. Some were indifferent to fame and fortune, some were arrogant and ostentatious, some kept a low profile, and some were wild in their demeanor.

Some pursued hollow fame, while others disdained it, focusing solely on pursuing strength.

Their attitude toward Xu Qing varied based on their personalities.

At that moment, in the Flame Moon First Inner Region, where the Divine Mountain was only half a day away, a Flame Moon cultivator in a rough hemp robe was walking on the ground.

His body was much taller than ordinary Flame Moon cultivators, reaching almost 50 feet, making him look like a giant. All the muscles on his body were bulging and his vitality was surging violently. He was extremely strong.

As he walked, he was like a small mountain, giving off an irresistible feeling.

Every step he grabbed would cause the ground to rumble and tremble. At the same time, his step appeared to shrink the ground, causing his speed to be astonishing.

What was even more shocking was the more than 900 forbidden mountains above his head!

All of this caused everyone who saw him to be shocked and lower their heads.

On one hand, it was his identity. On the other hand, it was his reputation.

This person was one of the five top heaven's chosen of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race, Tuoshi Shan!

Compared to the other heaven's chosens who weren't very interested in becoming first place in the first segment, his goal was to be the first place here and become a Mystic Heaven General.

This was because the family he was in was the Mystic Heaven Family.

Their family had produced six Mystic Heaven Generals!

At that moment, as his vast body strode forward, the ground materialized to howl under his feet. As the world changed, his figure appeared on a mountain range. From afar, one could see a golden light flickering in the direction of the horizon.

The endless golden light caused the details to be blurry.

That was Flame Moon's Divine Mountain, which was also the destination of the first segment of the Grand Hunt.

"I'm finally here."

Tuoshi Shan grinned and stood there, looking into the distance. The void around him distorted and nine figures appeared, bowing to him.

"Welcome, Young Master."

Tuoshi Shan nodded slightly and retracted his gaze.

"How long is Xu Qing from here? How many forbidden mountains does he have?"

One of the nine figures beside him replied in a low voice.

"He'll be here in six hours. He has a few more forbidden mountains than you, Your Highness."

Tuoshi Shan licked his lips and a hint of interest materialized in his eyes. He didn't continue forward but sat on a rock and waited. He lifted his right hand and grabbed out a wine jar, taking a big gulp.

"Good."

"To be able to kill Prince Mingnan, he can be considered quite a character. I've always disliked that guy. It's good that he was killed."

"However, the first segment's first position is mine."































































Tuoshi Shan muttered to himself and took a big gulp of wine.

The nine figures beside him maintained their bowing postures, not moving at all.

They deeply respected this young master. His character and actions had earned their respect through numerous past experiences.

For example, this time around, the difference between the number of the young master's forbidden mountains and that of the human Xu Qing was extremely small. With the young master's family's ability, it would be easy for him to casually add a few more forbidden mountains.

Even if he didn't use his family's strength, as long as he spread the news, someone would naturally send the forbidden mountains over.

In fact, he could instruct them, and they could use other methods to make things difficult for Xu Qing.

However, they could already tell that the young master disdained such actions.

He was clearly interested in that human named Xu Qing and wanted to wait here to fight with him and determine the first place directly.

As for victory or defeat, they weren't worried.

From what they knew, the young master could easily suppress someone like Prince Mingnan.

The Mystic Heaven Bloodline was extraordinary.

Time flowed by. After Tuoshi Shan finished the seventh jar of wine, a rainbow rushed from the distant sky.

From afar, one could see the figures of Xu Qing and the other two.

Tuoshi Shan lifted his head and burped. A strange glint appeared in his eyes as he looked at the horizon and grinned.

"He's finally here."



The moment Tuoshi Shan looked at the sky, Xu Qing's gaze also landed on the mountain peak in front of him.

The moment he looked over, the expression of the captain behind him became a little solemn.

"Junior Brother, this person… isn't simple. From the qi and blood energy he revealed, his physical body has clearly reached the great circle of perfection in Nihility. His cultivation base is also the same."

"This person is only half a step away from the Soul Accumulation realm!"

"According to my understanding of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race's cultivation art, cultivators at this level like to choose the blood of divine creatures to awaken divinity!"

The captain's deep voice echoed in Xu Qing's mind.

Xu Qing could also tell how extraordinary the Flame Moon cultivator who was drinking at the top of the mountain was. That piercing gaze seemed to sting his eyes, and the scorching aura felt like facing a volcano. This allowed Xu Qing to make a judgment about the combat strength of this Flame Moon cultivator.

The other party's location happened to be the path he had to pass through. Moreover, from the looks of it, he was clearly waiting. In addition, there were more than 900 forbidden mountains above the other party's head.

His motive was self-evident.

"He's Tuoshi Shan!"

Qiu Quezi took a deep breath and quickly reminded.

Before the battle with Prince Mingnan, he had completed the task as instructed by Xu Qing. They met up later, and he followed Xu Qing. Along the way, he had seen how terrifying this human cultivator in front of him was.

He also knew Prince Mingnan had died. During this period, he had been shocked and nervous, but now he was indifferent to it all.

However, this indifferent heart still fluctuated.

"He is ranked fourth among the five heaven's chosens of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race!"

"He possesses the bloodline of the Mystic Heaven Family and has great innate talent. He was born with divine strength and has been blessed by the Moon Flame Temple five times. He is appointed by the Moon Flame High God to be the guardian of the temple once he reaches Soul Accumulation."

"He… can be said to be one of the most dazzling stars of our Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race!"

Qiu Quezi's words revealed the identity of Tuoshi Shan.

Xu Qing's heart was solemn but his expression didn't change at all. His speed also didn't decrease as he headed straight for the mountain the other party was on.

He could get past Tuoshi Shan if he moved with his full speed, and reach the Divine Mountain which was in the distance.

 However, this was meaningless.

At the next instant, the mountain peak trembled.

Xu Qing directly landed on the top of the mountain and appeared in front of Tuoshi Shan.

The captain and Qiu Quezi also landed one after another.

The captain used a special way to transmit his divine sense to Xu Qing.

"The nine people beside him aren't simple either. You attack first and buy me some time. I'll trap them. After you snatch the mountains, head straight for the Divine Mountain!"

Xu Qing swept his gaze across the surroundings and finally looked at Tuoshi Shan, who was sitting in front.

Tuoshi Shan smiled and threw out a wine jar with a wave of his hand.

Xu Qing was a little surprised. His soul threads wrapped around it and it floated in front of him.

The smell of alcohol spread out. With Xu Qing's understanding of the Dao of herbs, he immediately determined what it contained.

It was a blood brew that greatly replenished qi and blood, and drinking it provided certain recovery and enhancement to the physical body.

"I didn't like Prince Mingnan either. Since you killed him, you are capable and bold. This jar of wine is for you."

As Tuoshi Shan spoke, he picked up his wine jar and lifted it. After toasting Xu Qing from afar, he took a big gulp.

Xu Qing fell silent. This Flame Moon heaven's chosen in front of him was different from the ones he had encountered on the way. However, he wouldn't easily drink the wine just because of this.

Tuoshi Shan clearly didn't care about this. After he finished drinking, he slowly stood up. His eyes revealed a hint of sharpness and the aura on his body spread out. In an instant, a storm brewed.

It was as though a storm had formed on his body and spread in all directions. From afar, the tornado that was connected to the sky circled around him.

The sky rumbled, forming a huge vortex. Bolts of lightning swam inside.

Because it was too close to the Divine Mountain, the phenomenon here immediately attracted the attention of the cultivators in the Divine City under the Divine Mountain.

Soon, figures flew out of the Divine City one after another. Wisps of divine sense also rapidly approached and stopped in the surroundings, paying close attention.

A dark glint flashed in Xu Qing's eyes and his soul threads spread out. The god form instantly formed and his aura also shook the surroundings.

A hint of excitement flashed in Tuoshi Shan's eyes. He carefully looked at Xu Qing's god form and spoke after a moment of silence.

"Let's first establish the rules and stakes."

"In our battle, the loser can keep one forbidden mountain, as for the rest, they will be the stakes."

Xu Qing was surprised again. This Flame Moon cultivator in front of him was indeed different from the others.

"Also, there's no point in fighting directly like this. I heard that your sealing technique is quite extraordinary."

"And I also have a sealing technique."

"Why don't we act separately? I'll take the initiative to enter your seal and you'll enter mine as well. Let's see who can break through the other party's seal first."

"The side that walks out first wins."

Tuoshi Shan looked at Xu Qing with clear gaze and smiled. He could sense Xu Qing's aura. His premonition made him determine that once they fought, they probably wouldn't be able to resolve it in a short period of time.

Most importantly, he didn't want to be injured.

After all, this was only the first segment of the Grand Hunt. He had to maintain his peak might and obtain sufficiently powerful divine blood in the Divine Realm in the third segment.

Xu Qing fell silent. The captain stroked his chin and immediately transmitted his voice.

"Be careful, there may be a trap."

Xu Qing thought for a moment, but following the captain's previous approach seemed unreliable, and if they were to compete on sealing techniques…

"Alright!"

Xu Qing calmly spoke. He lifted his right hand and pointed at the sky. Immediately, the sky rumbled and a vast aura descended from the sky, suppressing the surroundings. At the same time, the image of a huge prison slowly appeared.

At first, it was still illusory but it quickly condensed. Its aura was violent like a waterfall, emitting waves of divine might.

It was D132.

After it appeared, the prison's gate silently opened. All kinds of strange cries disseminate out from the open gate.

Its appearance immediately attracted the attention of the surrounding cultivators and divine senses. Tuoshi Shan also took a few more glances before taking out a tri-colored bead.

This bead shone and floated on its own, growing larger and larger in the air. In the end, it was a thousand feet in size and emitted a dense sealing power. There were also divine patterns flickering on it.

Interweaving with each other, they seemed to be arranged in a certain order. Eventually, they expanded outward, forming a golden light barrier. A gap appeared on top of it, splitting open outward like a door.

"Then, let's begin."

As Tuoshi Shan spoke, he directly flew toward the prison gate of D132.

Xu Qing also moved, heading straight for the gap on the tri-

colored bead.

Tuoshi Shan looked like a brute, but he matched Xu Qing's speed. Finally, at the same time as Xu Qing, they both stepped into each other's seals.

At the next instant, D132's gate closed and the gap on the tri-

colored bead disappeared.

The two of them were each sealed in the other party's seal.

In the tri-colored bead, the instant the gap closed, Xu Qing seemed to have entered a strange space. The first thing that entered his vision was black. It was like the night, endless and forming a seal.

After breaking through, a second color would appear.

Black, white, and red. Every color represented a type of seal.

If all three colors were broken, what would appear would be the tri-colored fusion restriction, forming an even more terrifying seal. Moreover, every time the three colors overlapped, it would be stronger than last time.

After continuously stacking, the sealing power would become extremely powerful.

As for Tuoshi Shan, what he had to face was misfortune and forgetfulness, as well as all the prisoners and the god's finger. For him, this experience was not only novel but also extraordinary.

Just like that, time flowed by. Fifteen minutes had passed, but the two of them were still trapped.

A rumbling sound echoed in their respective seals.

This lasted for an hour… two hours…

The subordinates of Tuoshi Shan revealed surprised expressions. It was the same for the captain. He understood Xu Qing's abilities, so he made some guesses about the seal that could trap him for such a long time.

Finally, when the sixth hour arrived, the captain's expression changed and the servants of Tuoshi Shan became solemn.

Although outsiders couldn't see the details due to the concealments of the seals, judging by the passage of time, they could imagine the difficulty of breaking these seals.

In reality, that was the case.

Within D132, Tuoshi Shan could no longer maintain his composure. His hair was disheveled and he was in a sorry state.

What was in a sorry state wasn't his body but his mind.

He was entangled by misfortune and had to go all out at every moment. In addition, forgetfulness had arrived, causing him to forget his goal many times. Hence, the disgusting feeling became increasingly intense.

He didn't care about the prisoners.

He had suppressed all the prisoners and destroyed them countless times. He didn't care much even about the god's finger. It was the first time he had seen such a weak god, and it had broadened his horizons.

"I might be facing challenges here, but it must be even more hard for Xu Qing over there. Besides, he can't possibly break out of my seal. When the three colors rotate to a certain extent, he will discover the final obstacle, one that cannot be broken by anyone below the Soul Accumulation realm. That's the gift I've left for him."

With these thoughts, Tuo Shishan balanced the torment he endured. Breathing heavily, bloodshot eyes, he continued his onslaught. After suppressing even the god's finger, he gasped for breath as he walked towards the revealed prison gate.

If he walked out of here, it would be considered breaking the seal.

Tuoshi Shan laughed.

At the same time, within the tri-colored space where Xu Qing was, the situation was equally challenging. He had exhausted almost all his means, but the three colors were endless, especially as they continuously merged and intensified, becoming increasingly formidable.

Although he continued to break through them, at that moment, when the three colors merged for the three hundredth time, within the light of these colors, there appeared a figure sitting cross-legged in meditation.

Looking at this figure, Xu Qing stopped in his tracks.

"Soul Accumulation!"

In this tri-colored space, the final hurdle was a Soul Accumulation soul.

He guarded the tri-colored space. As long as he didn't allow it, no one below the Soul Accumulation realm could walk out.

"You can't get out with me around."

That Soul Accumulation cultivator was an old man. At that moment, he opened his gaze and calmly spoke to Xu Qing.

Xu Qing remained silent.

At the same time, in D132 Prison, Tuoshi, who was standing in front of the prison gate, was also silent.

A sphere was embedded in the gate in front of him.

That was… the ancient sun, which was also an enhanced version of the Sun of Dawn.

If this gate was opened, the Sun of Dawn would self-destruct.

"How f*cking despicable!!"

After Tuoshi Shan recognized the sphere, he was stunned for a long time before he gritted his teeth and cursed.































































At that moment, there were many cultivators observing the two different seals.

There were also many divine senses coming to watch the show.

They were basically all cultivators from the various races of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven. There were also some from the main race.

They were all attracted by the fluctuations here. After they arrived, they also saw some clues. They guessed from the nine people at the mountain peak that one of the people was Tuoshi Shan. They were relaxed after knowing that.

From what they knew, Tuoshi Shan, who came from the Xuantian Family, had been extraordinary since he was young. He was also one of the five heaven's chosens of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race. It was impossible for him to lose.

Even though Xu Qing had displayed impressive results and an imposing aura that was difficult to look down on, there was always someone better in this world.

Humans didn't have any intrinsic talent, so even if they were also heaven's chosen, they were still far inferior to the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven.

However, this confidence and certainty gradually turned into bewilderment as time passed. Four hours had passed but Tuoshi Shan still hadn't broken out. This caused all the cultivators to be even more shocked and they each had their own guesses.

"Something is amiss!"

"This Xu Qing's seal… isn't simple!"

As for the nine followers of Tuoshi Shan, they were even more anxious.

In their judgment, there was only one possibility for such a situation to happen. That was that there was something beyond imagination in Xu Qing's seal.

Otherwise, it was impossible for their young master to still be unable to escape.

Qiu Quezi was also a little hesitant. His thoughts were similar to the nine followers.

The captain was much calmer, but he was also muttering inwardly.

'That sh*t Tuoshi Shan must have cheated. He looks heroic, but his stomach is filled with feces. Otherwise, why would he be called Tuoshi Shan!'



However, the captain wasn't anxious. He felt that Little Qing had followed him for so long, experienced so many things, from the immaturity at the start to now, it was difficult for even him to trick Xu Qing.

His temperament, knowledge, and all aspects had been tempered. This small wave now was nothing.

"Under my painstaking nurturing, Little Qing has gained profound insights. He can handle anything, but this kind of loss is something he can't swallow. I bet that Tuoshi Shan is also worrying right now."

The captain's guess was naturally correct.

At that moment, inside D132's seal, Tuoshi Shan, who was standing near the prison gate, gritted his teeth and cursed non-stop.

"Damn it!"

He looked at the gate in front of him and a strong sense of powerlessness rose in his heart.

In these two hours, he tried all kinds of methods to bypass the Sun of Dawn and open the prison gate. However, everything failed without exception.

No matter how he thought about it, he had no way to open the gate without detonating the Sun of Dawn.

There were even a few times when his movements were a little too big and the Sun of Dawn actually emitted an aura of detonation. Whether it was an intimidation tactic or not, it truly shook Tuoshi Shan so much that he felt like he was about to die.

This made him go crazy.

"Shameless. He actually placed a regional treasure here… Who would bring a regional treasure when they go out? With this thing around, how can I get out?"

Tuoshi Shan cursed inwardly.

"Xu Qing, oh Xu Qing, I've underestimated you. I didn't expect you to be so sinister!"

"Although you may be cunning, I'm no slouch either. The soul of the Soul Accumulation within my seal will surely pose an insurmountable obstacle to you. If I can't get out, neither can you!"

"At worst, it'll be a draw!"

Tuoshi Shan sneered.

At that moment, Xu Qing was also frowning in the tri-colored seal as he looked at the sphere of tri-colored light floating in front of him.

Inside the light sphere, amidst the intermingling of the three colors, appeared the illusory figure of an old man with gray hair and youthful face.

 He sat in the light sphere with an indifferent expression. His gaze was calm as he looked at Xu Qing and calmly spoke.

"Human brat, don't waste your effort. With this old man around, you won't be able to leave."

Xu Qing remained silent. He had also made a move and used many methods, but all of them were like a stone ox entering the sea, not stirring up any waves at all. He was helpless against the soul of a Soul Accumulation.

All divine arts were neutralized by the other party with one hand. The pressure from this forbidden land also became stronger and stronger, as though it had completely fused with the other party.

If he couldn't make this soul step back, he wouldn't be able to break the seal.

From this point, Xu Qing made a judgment. Clearly, the other party wasn't the soul of an ordinary Soul Accumulation, especially considering its incredibly close connection to this sealed place.

"This place should be one of the great worlds of this Soul Accumulation in the past!"

Xu Qing fell into deep thought. The old man smiled and continued unhurriedly.

"You should have guessed it as well. This world was transformed from this old man's great world."

"In the outside world, I'm a Soul Accumulation, but in my great world, I'm a god."

"However, I won't make things difficult for you. You just have to stay here obediently."

"If you continue to be noisy…"

The old man licked his lips and revealed a malevolent expression.

"Then I'll eat you."

When Xu Qing heard this, he lifted his head and carefully sized up the soul of the Soul Accumulation a few times. A sharp glint appeared in his eyes.

Although he was also confident that it was impossible for Tuoshi Shan to escape from D132, if this continued, it was inevitable that it would be a draw. This wasn't the outcome Xu Qing wanted.

Moreover, the feeling of being threatened with his life wasn't something he wanted to face.

Hence, Xu Qing narrowed his eyes as a hint of determination rose in his heart.

He still had a method he hadn't used. If he used it here, Xu Qing felt that it would have some effect.

At the thought of this, Xu Qing patted his storage bag and took out an item.

Seeing that Xu Qing still wanted to struggle, the Soul Accumulation old man looked impatient, and a cold glint appeared in his eyes.

He felt that this human didn't know what was good for him. Hence, he was about to suppress him. However, at the next instant, after the old man sensed the item Xu Qing took out, his eyes suddenly narrowed and his body instantly stiffened.

His gaze and divine sense locked onto the item in Xu Qing's hand.

It was a token.

"This is…"

A storm stirred in the old man's heart.

"Ancient Spirit Emperor's netherworld token!"

The old man lost his voice and the storm in his body spread out. The sphere of light he was in was also affected and distorted intensely.

Seeing this, Xu Qing was somewhat surprised. He didn't expect this old man to know about this item.

The item he took out was indeed the teleportation token that the Ancient Spirit Emperor had given him to deliver food.

Since the other party recognized it, things would be easy to handle.

At the thought of this, Xu Qing lifted the token in his hand and looked at the soul of the Soul Accumulation old man in front of him.

"This token is indeed the teleportation token of the Ancient Spirit Emperor."

"The Ancient Spirit Emperor has been hungry for a very, very long time. All these years, I was in charge of feeding him to satisfy his cravings."

"Senior, your place actually quite meets the requirements and standards of the Ancient Spirit Emperor for food. Since you don't have a body, you won't get stuck between teeth, and your soul is full, so the taste should be quite good."

"However, I won't make things difficult for you. You just have to obediently make way."

"If you continue to be noisy…"

Xu Qing's gaze was sharp as he looked at the soul of the Soul Accumulation old man.

"I'll send you over and let the Ancient Spirit Emperor eat you!"

The Soul Accumulation old man's heart churned. Those familiar words were exactly what he had said to Xu Qing earlier.

At that moment, he was returned the same words by the other party. He looked at Xu Qing and then at the token with a hesitant expression.

Xu Qing was calm. He didn't give this Soul Accumulation old man much time to think. He clenched his right hand fiercely and the token instantly shone.

There was also a wisp of netherworld energy that emitted from within, forming a black vortex outside.

As it rumbled and rotated, a ghastly intent spread out from the vortex and spread in all directions, emitting a dense stench of decay.

It was the aura of death.

There was also a panting sound that was filled with hunger and vicissitudes.

"Hungry…"

The moment he heard this word, the Soul Accumulation old man shuddered.

A dark glint rose in Xu Qing's eyes and he was about to activate the teleportation.

The Soul Accumulation old man no longer hesitated. He stood up and spoke rapidly.

"Little friend, everything is negotiable. Let's be friends."

Xu Qing coldly looked over.

After a while of friendly communication, the old individual retreated with a grin and chose to make way.

"Thank you, Senior." Xu Qing was a polite person. Before he left, he naturally had to thank him.

The smile of the Soul Accumulation old man stiffened. He took a deep breath and continued to smile.

At the next instant, the tri-colored seal blurred in front of Xu Qing's eyes. As it rapidly dissipated, he appeared in the air outside.

The instant he walked out, a large number of gazes and divine senses gathered together. Gasps and cries of disbelief rang out from all directions.

The expressions of the nine followers of Tuoshi Shan changed drastically.

Qiu Quezi was excited and the captain smiled.

At that moment, Xu Qing stood in the air and glanced at D132. As the guardian, he could sense the situation inside with a sweep of his divine sense. He lifted his right hand and waved it.

D132 shook. At the next moment, it turned blurry and the figure of Tuoshi Shan, who was trapped inside, was revealed.

"You lost."

Xu Qing calmly spoke.

Tuoshi Shan stared at Xu Qing. He wanted to curse but he was also surprised. He didn't know how Xu Qing came out.

From what he knew, that should have been impossible.

"The old man actually let him out?"

Tuoshi Shan was conflicted, but since he had boasted so boldly before so many people, he couldn't back down now. With a dark expression on his face, he raised his hand and flung out more than nine hundred mountains, leaving only one behind.

Xu Qing lifted his hand and received them all. More than 1,800 forbidden mountains floated above his head, emitting an earth-shattering aura.

Seeing that Tuoshi Shan had kept his promise, Xu Qing didn't say anything else. He turned and flew toward the Divine Mountain.

The captain smiled and followed at the side.

Qiu Quezi excitedly followed behind.

The three of them left. On the way, the others were intimidated and instinctively made way.

As Xu Qing left, Tuoshi Shan was left with a belly full of frustration and confusion. He retracted his tri-colored seal, and the juncture it was in his hand, he immediately transmitted a message inward.

"Grandpa, why did you let him go?"

What responded to him was an even more depressed roar from the Soul Accumulation grandpa.

"F*ck you, this human brat actually has an Ancient Spirit Emperor token. He used the badge to threaten me. What can I do?!"

"That old fart, Ancient Spirit Emperor, has been starving for countless years. If he really sent me over, I would just be a snack."

"And you are asking me? Why didn't you come out earlier!"

Hearing the old individual shout, Tuoshi Shan felt even more depressed and transmitted his voice faintly.

"He hung the Sun of Dawn on the gate. What can I do?"

The old individual took a deep breath and fell silent.

Tuoshi Shan was also silent.































































On the vast land, there are towering mountains and winding ridges, like ink splashed on rice paper, forming a magnificent landscape painting.

Among the mountains, there was a mountain that led the way. It had a majestic aura and looked down on the mountains.

That was the sacred mountain where Flame Moon Mystic Heaven lived, the Divine Mountain!

It resembled a brushstroke in the canvas of the heavens and earth, sharp and towering, reaching straight towards the sky.

Countless white clouds meandered at its foot, like the mythical Penglai Island, suspended in the air.

Under the sunlight, the rocks and trees on the mountain shone brightly, accentuating its magnificence and glory.

The outline of the mountain was extremely clear against the sky. Regardless of whether it was from afar or close up, it gave off an intense shock.

Before he got close, that overwhelming aura assaulted him.

It was just a mountain, but as it stood there, it seemed to dim the skies before it, as if willing to press the heavens down beneath it.

This was the first time Xu Qing had seen such an aura even though he had seen many places.

It stood proudly at the pinnacle, towering above the heavens.

Golden light radiated from the sacred mountain, enveloping the sky and shrouding the earth. Whether it originated from within the mountain itself or was painted by the sunlight, it was uncertain.

Xu Qing sensed it slightly and his gaze was deep.

He could sense that this golden light contained the power of the god!



To a certain extent, this power was also anomalous substances but it was controllable. It was as though it had been tamed and was wandering in all directions. It could actually be absorbed normally.

Xu Qing took a deep breath and it transformed into the energy of cultivation in his body.

This scene moved him a little.

The captain stood beside Xu Qing and looked at everything from afar. A hint of reminiscence appeared on his face.

"I am here again…"

He mumbled softly in a voice that only Xu Qing could hear.

"Let's go, Junior Brother. Let's take a look at the peak of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race."

The captain patted Xu Qing's shoulder.

Xu Qing suppressed the waves in his heart and looked at the more than 1,800 forbidden mountains above his head.

These forbidden mountains were rapidly shrinking as they got closer to the Divine Mountain. At that moment, they were like black dots circling above his head.

Although it had become very small, there were so many of them that Xu Qing was still very eye-catching.

"With such a number, I should be able to get first place."

Xu Qing muttered to himself. His speed didn't decrease as he transformed into a rainbow and headed straight for the mountain range.

As he got closer, the Divine Mountain grew larger in his eyes. In the end, he couldn't see its peak. That feeling of insignificance also rose uncontrollably.

Under the Divine Mountain, three floating cities were built.

Each of them was extremely vast, interconnected by golden chains, with abundant vegetation growing within them, revealing a sense of ancientness.

These three cities were predominantly circular in design, reflecting the architectural style of the various races in the Ancient Sovereign Mystic Nether Era. Such designs were rare today, even among the human race.

"This is the holy city of my Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race. Its name is Heavenly Flame City!"

Qiu Quezi, who was following behind Xu Qing and the captain, sounded a little excited. Clearly, even he didn't have the qualifications to come here usually.

"Only during the Grand Hunt and special ceremonies will the Heavenly Flame City be opened to the public, allowing all races to enter. I was lucky enough to come here three times. This is the fourth time."

"Flying is not allowed in the Heavenly Flame City, and all arrivals must come with a heart of pilgrimage."

 Qiu Quezi spoke in a low voice and introduced the rules of Heavenly Flame City to Xu Qing and the captain. At the same time, the three of them gradually approached one of the cities.

From afar, one could see that the city was bustling with activity and there were many cultivators. According to Qiu Quezi's introduction, most of them were outsiders. The cultivators who were truly qualified to stay in the holy city all year round were mostly temple cultivators.

The arrival of Xu Qing's group immediately attracted the attention of many cultivators in the city.

Truly… the human race was extremely rare here.

Needless to say, Xu Qing's current reputation and the battle of the seals with Tuoshi Shan had naturally attracted attention.

In addition, the thousand-odd mountains above his head were also the focus of attention.

Xu Qing was already used to this. As his figure landed in front of the city gate, his eyes gleamed. He took a deep breath and walked toward the gate in front of him.

The city gate was naturally not meant for humans, and was a thousand feet high. Everything else inside the city was huge as well, and walking here was like entering the country of giants.

As for the cultivators here… With just a glance, Xu Qing saw hundreds of different races with different appearances. There were also some strange-looking people.

The cultivators of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven, who were quite rare in the outside world, were the mainstream here.

Most of them wore white robes. No matter where they appeared, they would attract the respect of the surroundings.

The kind of lofty demeanor didn't need them to deliberately show it; it naturally existed.

"I hated their demeanor back then."

The captain mumbled.

Xu Qing didn't speak and didn't bother with the scrutinizing and hostile gazes from all directions. He had more important things to do.

That was… to hand over the mountains!

He needed to head to the Divine Mountain and fuse his forbidden mountains there to determine his ranking.

Hence, he glanced at Qiu Quezi.

Qiu Quezi had followed him all the way and had analyzed and observed him many times. At that moment, he immediately understood the meaning of Xu Qing's gaze. He quickly took a few steps forward and led the way.

Just like that, under the gazes of the pedestrians in the surroundings, Xu Qing and the other two moved forward in the holy city. During this time, some rumors were naturally unavoidable. In fact, when they were halfway there, cultivators of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race walked out and directly issued challenges.

Clearly, there were many cultivators who were dissatisfied with a human obtaining so many forbidden mountains in the first segment.

Xu Qing only took a glance at them. After confirming that they had no mountains above their heads, he ignored them.

Several hours later, as the light of the setting sun scattered down in the distance, the Divine Mountain… appeared in front of Xu Qing and the other two.

Nine huge chains connected to the city they were in and the Divine Mountain.

Following the chains, one could see the end of the Divine Mountain, where there was a vast square built of greenish giant stones, adorned with three enormous statues.

They represented the sun, moon, and star.

Behind the three statues was a staircase that extended all the way to the unseen summit of the mountain.

"The path to the Divine Mountain has three routes, accessible from each of the three cities, so there are also three squares like the one in front."

Qiu Quezi introduced softly.

Xu Qing nodded. He retracted his gaze from the Divine Mountain and looked at the bottomless abyss under the chains.

At that moment, a gust of wind blew over. As the chains swayed, Xu Qing took the lead and headed straight for the Divine Mountain.

The captain thought for a bit and chose the same chain as Xu Qing.

Qiu Quezi was stunned for a moment before deciding to walk on the same chain. Very soon, the three of them followed the chain and strolled through everything amidst the howling mountain wind.

They didn't encounter any obstacles on the way.

It was only when they stepped out of the iron chain and stood on the square of the Divine Mountain that the statues of the three gods standing here became clearer in Xu Qing's eyes.

The first statue was that of the Sun Flame High God, whose appearance was difficult to distinguish as male or female. The figure appeared feminine, yet the features were masculine. Behind it, the sun rose, while beneath its feet, numerous tribes and demons wailed.

Its eyes were closed.

Xu Qing wasn't unfamiliar with the second one. It was none other than the Moon Flame High God. However, Her statue gave off a breathtaking feeling, with an expression as cold as an iceberg, quite different from the image Xu Qing remembered during his stay in the Moon Offering Region.

Behind it, a moon formed, casting a cold moonlight that illuminated the statue, exuding a sacred aura.

As for the third one, Xu Qing was even more familiar with it… It was the statue of the clay fox. Stars shone behind it and its entire body emitted charm, making it difficult for one to shift their gaze away.

What captured Xu Qing's attention the most wasn't the three statues but… the fourth statue.

It was a faceless statue kneeling in front of the statue of the Moon Flame High God. Its entire body was covered in whip marks, with countless blades embedded in it…

From the looks of it, the Moon Flame High God hated the person to the core and punished them by making them kneel here forever and suffer humiliation.

Looking at this statue, the captain blinked.

Qiu Quezi, who was at the side, realized that Xu Qing's gaze had landed on the fourth statue. Hence, he hurriedly spoke in a low voice.

"This statue has a mysterious origin and has existed for a long time. My race calls it the Blasphemer. Legend has it that he blasphemed the Moon Flame High God and committed a monstrous crime. He was unpardonable and was personally killed by the Sun Flame High God. After that, his body was split into three, with each kneeling in front of one of the three god statues."

"It is used as a warning to others."

"I heard that the Moon Flame temple even has a description of this matter in their doctrine. In fact, they even have a special festival dedicated to condemning the Blasphemer."

Xu Qing silently peeped at the captain.

The captain showed no changes in his expression. He even put on a serious expression as though he was listening attentively. Noticing Xu Qing's gaze, he even curiously gazed at the fourth statue that was kneeling there.

Qiu Quezi naturally couldn't understand Xu Qing and the captain's thoughts at this moment. Hence, he continued to speak.

"By the way, there's another rule in the Divine Mountain and the three holy cities."

"That is, bulls can't appear. This is a taboo. I don't know why there is such a rule either, but as long as they appear, they will die tragically. In fact, some races related to bulls have almost been destroyed by the Moon Flame Temple over the years."

Xu Qing gazed at the captain again.

The captain thickened his skin and continued to look curious.

Qiu Quezi spoke again.

"Also, those with names containing 'niu' in their names are also taboo here and cannot be known to others. By the way, Fellow Daoists, there's no 'niu' in your names, right?"

On the way, he learned of Xu Qing's name, but he didn't know much about Chen Erniu. He only knew that he was Xu Qing's senior brother.

Xu Qing wobbled his head and gazed at the captain again.

The captain choked and quickly wobbled his head. Qiu Quezi didn't think too much about it and was about to continue speaking.

"And…"

Seeing this, the captain finally couldn't pretend anymore and glared at Qiu Quezi.

"Enough with the introduction, hurry up and lead the way. Why are you talking so much nonsense!"































































'What's wrong with this person? I wasn't even talking about him.'

Qiu Quezi felt a little aggrieved at being suddenly scolded.

He felt that he was just mentioning some rules about the Divine Mountain, so why did it cause such emotional fluctuations in this senior brother of Xu Qing?

He couldn't help but make some guesses.

But, clearly, no matter how he imagined it, even in his dreams, he probably wouldn't be able to understand Chen Erniu's thoughts…

However, seeing that the captain's expression was becoming increasingly unfriendly, Qiu Quezi hurriedly put away his thoughts and led the way, walking toward the steps behind the four statues.

When he passed by the Blasphemer's statue, Xu Qing couldn't help but take a few more glances.

The captain rubbed his nose and looked at Xu Qing. He coughed and transmitted his divine sense.

"Don't look, Little Qing. I didn't expect that after so many years, that genderless, murderous old geezer Sun Flame, would do something so despicable!"

"This is too much!"

The captain snorted.

Xu Qing remained silent and retracted his gaze. When he got close to the steps and mountain path, he couldn't suppress his doubt and transmitted his voice to the captain.

"Eldest Senior Brother, will the Moon God and the Sun God notice you coming here and slap you to death…"

The captain's eyebrows shot up.



"Otherwise, why would I dare to come here after obtaining the words of the Wordless Stone Scripture?"

"Don't worry, I have a foolproof plan. Sun Flame is in a deep slumber, and Moon Flame has swallowed the flesh of the Crimson Goddess and is digesting them. As for the coquettish fox, although Her avatar has awakened, Her main body is also in a deep sleep. Also, She enjoys spectacles and won't easily expose us. So, we're safe on this journey."

The captain patted his chest.

Xu Qing sighed and was prepared for an accident. After that, he took a deep breath and walked toward the steps ahead.

The moment he stepped on the steps, Xu Qing's body trembled. One of the 1,800 forbidden mountains above his head disappeared.

The forbidden mountain transformed into a rainbow and landed on the Divine Mountain, merging into it.

At the same time, as a forbidden mountain fused into it, the Divine Mountain also underwent a strange change.

One could see flags appearing on the Divine Mountain.

It was like a direct ranking list. From the bottom to the top, it was the same height as the steps. The colors were different and the totems embroidered were of all kinds.

The size of the flag was also different. The higher one went, the larger the flag and the more eye-catching it was.

Even in the Holy City, one could see them clearly.

There were the most flags at the bottom of the Divine Mountain. They were densely packed and numbered in the tens of thousands. The height of 100 steps was like a watershed. There were only about 2,000 flags there.

Looking further up, the flag that was the height of 500 steps became the second watershed. There were only about 300 of them.

The flag at the top was the height of 800 steps. It was extremely huge and eye-catching.

Moreover, upon closer inspection, one could tell that 70 to 80% of the flags above 300 steps were the flags of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven.

At the bottom, among the tens of thousands of flags, there was an additional one as Xu Qing's forbidden mountain fused with the Divine Mountain.

It was a red flag. It was normal-sized and embroidered with mountains and rivers, but it was in the shape of a broken flag. It was as red as blood and exuded a sense of oppression.

That was the current human race's flag that had gathered on its own on the Divine Mountain!

The moment it appeared, Xu Qing's gaze instinctively gathered over.

At the same time, Qiu Quezi's low voice rang out from behind Xu Qing.

"The end of the first segment of the Grand Hunt is to fuse the forbidden mountains with the Divine Mountain. With every step, a forbidden mountain will disappear and form the race flag."

 "This race's flag will move with the cultivators until the last forbidden mountain disappears. At the corresponding height, the race's flag will stand tall."

"These flags on the Divine Mountain will only be revealed when a forbidden mountain merges with it. Otherwise, they remain hidden from view."

Qiu Quezi also stepped onto the first step. As the forbidden mountain above his head disappeared, a Flame Moon Mystic Heaven flag appeared on the Divine Mountain.

"Under normal circumstances, a forbidden mountain can pass the first segment and be qualified to enter the second segment of the Grand Hunt."

"Only cultivators who want to fight for the first place in this segment will gather more mountains."

"The race flag is formed by the Divine Mountain. It can automatically draw the unique flag of the different races according to their characteristics."

Qiu Quezi explained in a low voice.

Xu Qing nodded and retracted his gaze from the human race's flag. He then walked toward the second step. The instant he stepped on it, another mountain above his head disappeared.

The Red Mountains and Rivers Flag also increased in size.

Just like that, Xu Qing walked step by step to the 100th step.

Standing here, the Red Mountains and Rivers Flag had already become very large. Among the many flags, it also felt conspicuous.

However, as the race flag grew larger, the shattering sensation emitted by the mountains and rivers on it became increasingly pronounced and clear. In fact, countless corpses even appeared, indicating the severity of the devastation.

Xu Qing couldn't help but stare at it again. After a long time, he retracted his gaze and lifted his head to look at the flags of the various races above. He then continued walking in silence.

200, 300, 400…

The moment he reached the 500th step, there were tens of thousands of flags below him. As for the ones above, there weren't many.

Such frequent steps caused the flags on the Divine Mountain to be displayed for a long time. Moreover, the human race's red race flag kept rising and growing, and it was impossible for it not to attract attention.

Even more holy city cultivators paid attention to this scene.

Although many Flame Moon cultivators were mentally prepared, waves still rose in their hearts when they saw it for themselves.

"It's Xu Qing!"

"Previously, I saw him heading in the direction of the Divine Mountain…"

"Arrogant. A human actually raised their flag to such a height in our Flame Moon Mystic Heaven's Grand Hunt!"

"It's hateful that those heaven's chosen didn't attack him. Even Tuoshi Shan only competed in the seals. Otherwise, how could this human be so smug?!"

As the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven cultivators in the holy city became indignant and hostile, Xu Qing had already walked all the way to the 500th step of the Divine Mountain.

Standing here, he was surrounded by clouds. As they lingered, there were very few flags above him.

"I can still walk past 1,300 steps!"

Xu Qing mumbled. With a sway of his body, he rapidly moved upward. Very soon, he reached 600, 700. When he stood on the originally tallest flag step, he didn't stop at all and instantly passed by.

The red race flag surpassed the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven's flag and instantly became the highest flag. Moreover, as Xu Qing moved forward, it was still rising!

900th step, 1,000th step…

He sped all the way.

This scene was seen by more and more Flame Moon Mystic Heaven cultivators. They looked at the red Mountains and Rivers Flag that was continuing to rise and grow larger and larger. Their hearts churned and the humiliation became even more intense.

As an upper race, most of the cultivators of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven were proud, but the stronger their sense of pride, the greater the inner frustration they felt at this moment.

Especially when witnessing the human race's flag fluttering, not only did ordinary cultivators, but even the higher-ups of the Flame Moon Realm in the three holy cities lifted their heads and looked at the Mountains and Rivers Flag on the Divine Mountain.

Their expressions were all different.

One of them was none other than the dignitary from the Flame Moon Race who was in the palace in the forbidden zone earlier. He looked at Xu Qing on the Divine Mountain and felt the hostility of his race's cultivators. A smile bloomed on his face.

Time flowed by and the height of the Mountains and Rivers Flag was still rapidly increasing. 1200 steps, 1400 steps, 1600 steps…

This lasted until above the clouds, at the height of 1,873 steps, the red mountain and river flag whistled in the wind, its flag unfurled for 10,000 feet, leading the way, standing out from all others!

The feeling of suppressing the crowd was incomparably intense.

This was an unprecedented first!

It was the first time in all the Grand Hunts in the countless years of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race.

The human race would become the first in the first segment.

The instant the banner was completely erected, the three holy cities fell silent. Countless gazes gathered on the Divine Mountain and landed on the red Mountains and Rivers Flag!

Xu Qing also gazed at the flag. His expression was a little dazed and he couldn't describe what he felt. After a long time, he retracted his gaze and tread down step by step.

On the way down the mountain, he vaguely heard an uproar and commotion from the outside world.

Xu Qing didn't care about these. He walked down the steps and walked to the captain's side. The captain smiled at Xu Qing.

"How does it feel to stand there?"

Xu Qing turned his head and gazed at the Divine Mountain, shaking his head.

"It's a pity that I didn't reach the peak."

The captain laughed loudly.

"That's enough. Now, this has already attracted the hostility and disgust of all the races in the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven. After all, this is placing a banner on their Divine Mountain."

"The goal of the higher-ups of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race has been achieved. The reason why they tacitly agreed to your appearance and killing is to provoke this generation of cultivators of their race."

"A pack of wild dogs, if they want to be fiercer, if they want to ignite their fighting spirit, naturally need a wolf to provoke them a bit, only then can they erupt better."

"You are the wolf they are willing to see. Of course, I prefer to call you a sh*t-stirrer."

"You can imagine that in the second or even third segment, you will have to face even additional attention."

"So, since that's the case, let's kill them properly!"

The captain voiced with a smile.

"Eldest Senior Brother, your analogy is quite apt." When Xu Qing heard this, he calmly spoke.

The captain blinked and felt smug. He also felt that his analogy was perfect.

"Let's go. I just asked the little sparrow. We'll have a period of rest after this and wait for the second segment to begin. During this period, we have to find a place to stay. However, the prices here are too high and it's not worth it."

"Fortunately, the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race provided all the participants in the Grand Hunt with free cave abodes. We can stay there for a while. It would be a waste not to take advantage of this."

"Also, the second segment is similar to what I guessed."

"Hunting in the Mountains and Seas Region!"

The captain licked his lips.

"Let me tell you, Little Qing, there are many delicious ferocious beasts in the Mountains and Seas Region. I guarantee that you'll never forget them even if you eat them once."































































Xu Qing wasn't yet very clear about how delicious the ferocious beasts in the Mountains and Seas Region were. However, as he and the captain left and arrived at the free cave abode, Xu Qing could clearly sense the high and mighty status of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race.

During the Grand Hunt, the three holy cities were opened to the public. However, the prices were too high. After all, this place was the core of the entire Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race.

Such prices weren't something ordinary cultivators could afford.

Hence, the holy city provided a place for the cultivators of the various races who were participating in the hunt to stay and rest.

However, such an area was very particular about the identity of the residents. It was divided into high-grade, medium-grade, and low-grade.

Only the cultivators of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven and a few super high races were qualified to stay in high-grade cave abodes. There, not only was the spiritual energy divided separately, but they were also enhanced by the Divine Mountain, and divided into courtyards.

Whether it be the beautiful environment or the suitability for cultivation, everything was of top quality.

As for medium-grade cave abodes, they were the residences of the affiliated races of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven, and were much simpler.

The low-grade cave abodes were the crudest and were specially opened to participants from the lower races other than the Flame Moon Race.

Even though Xu Qing had placed the Mountains and Rivers Flag on the Divine Mountain and became first, he didn't have the qualifications to stay in a high-grade or medium-grade cave abode. He could only choose a low-grade cave abode.

In the eyes of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race, those who were inferior to them and didn't choose to submit were all from the lower races.

Regarding this, even Qiu Quezi was helpless. However, he still wanted to use his quota to help Xu Qing exchange for a high-grade cave abode. Hence, he tried to communicate with the cultivator in charge of the cave abodes.

The strength and weakness of a race was often reflected in individuals, which was quite evident.

Unless one had the personal strength to break through everything, only then could their identity surpass the race.



However, Xu Qing clearly hadn't achieved it yet.

The cultivator from the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven, who was in charge of arranging the cave abodes, naturally didn't have a good impression of Xu Qing and the captain.

Regarding Qiu Quezi's request, he frowned and calmly spoke.

"No way!"

"If you're willing to stay, then stay. If you're not, then leave. This is the rule in the entire Holy City."

As he spoke, the cultivator from the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven threw out a cave abode token. After that, he closed his eyes and ignored Xu Qing and the others.

Qiu Quezi sighed inwardly. He then looked at Xu Qing and spoke in a low voice.

"Fellow Daoist Xu, it's already late and the holy city will have a curfew after sunset… It's almost time."

Xu Qing didn't care about the grade of residence. However, when he heard the word 'curfew', his divine sense swept through the outside world. The sun was setting but there was still an endless stream of pedestrians in all directions. It didn't look like there would be a curfew.

"It's only a curfew for foreign races." The captain raised his brows and picked up the cave abode token.

"Since it's free, we naturally have to use it. It's a waste to abandon it."

Xu Qing didn't say anything. He retracted his divine sense and nodded at Qiu Quezi before leaving with the captain according to the token's guidance.

Qiu Quezi cupped his fists and bowed. He sighed with emotion.

He had followed Xu Qing all the way and was very clear that the other party's combat strength was astonishing.

"He is just at perfected Spirit Repository, but already possesses the combat strength to fight against fourth stage Nihility… If such a heaven's chosen was born in the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race, he would definitely be our race's heaven's chosen."

"What a pity, what a pity."

Qiu Quezi sighed and watched as Xu Qing and the captain disappeared before leaving.

Time slowly passed and the sun completely set. The moment the bright moon rose, Xu Qing and the captain had already found the cave abode they belonged to.

To be precise, it couldn't be considered a cave abode; it was just a simple residence, both inside and out, very rudimentary, and in a remote location.

However, Xu Qing had never cared much about the place he lived in. No matter how crude this residence was, it was still much better than the place he lived in when he was young.

Hence, Xu Qing calmly sat cross-legged and closed his eyes to meditate.

 The captain also had a nonchalant expression. At the side, he held a jade slip and kept transmitting his voice. It was unknown who he was communicating with.

Just like that, a night passed.

The next morning, the captain greeted Xu Qing and winked at him.

"Little Qing, I've inquired about it. There's still a month before the second segment starts. We have plenty of time. You should rest well. I plan to gather some information during this period."

"Also, I have some personal matters to attend to."

The captain licked his lips and his eyes were filled with anticipation and excitement. He looked very similar to the people Xu Qing had seen heading to the feather tent at the scavenger campsite when he was young.

"Be careful."

Xu Qing reminded.

"Don't worry, don't worry. With the Wordless Stone Scripture around, my aura won't be sensed."

The captain habitually patted his chest and rubbed his hands before leaving.

Xu Qing shook his head and continued to meditate with his eyes closed.

Several days passed.

During these few days, Xu Qing didn't go out and the captain didn't return either.

Now, after several days of rest, Xu Qing's mental fatigue from the slaughter had already recovered.

"I should go take a look and see if I can buy some information about the Mountains and Seas Region."

Xu Qing opened his eyes and pondered for a moment before walking out of the house.

During these few days, flags appeared on the Divine Mountain many times but no one could surpass Xu Qing's height. The repeated display of the Divine Mountain flags also made the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven cultivators feel increasingly uncomfortable.

The feeling of seeing the Mountains and Rivers flag high and mighty when they lifted their heads caused them to feel disgust toward Xu Qing.

This disgust was clearly emitted by the passersby as Xu Qing's figure appeared in the city.

Xu Qing didn't mind.

He ignored the discussions mixed with malice.

The first segment had already ended. Without any benefits, Xu Qing felt that it was meaningless to make a move. Moreover… there was too much disgust permeating the air. Even if he started killing, he wouldn't be able to kill them all.

On the way, several challengers appeared, but none of them, Xu Qing felt, were worth his effort.

"Human Xu Qing!"

As he walked forward, a jade slip whizzed out from the crowd and floated in front of Xu Qing.

Following the jade slip was a young man from one of the affiliated races of the Flame Moon, staring coldly at Xu Qing.

"Do you dare to leave the Holy City and fight to the death with me?!"

Xu Qing swept his gaze over and looked at the youth. After that, he ignored him and continued forward.

The other party also was worthless.

It was clear that the young man wasn't really looking to challenge Xu Qing; he was just seizing the opportunity. So, as Xu Qing walked away, he chuckled a few times, taking advantage to gain some reputation.

Similar challenges appeared one after another as Xu Qing moved forward.

Xu Qing felt a little annoyed, especially when he saw some shops in the holy city divided into different grades, with some even outright refusing service to him upon seeing him.

That expression of disgust, malice, and provocation caused Xu Qing's gaze to turn cold.

He knew that as long as he took out the clay fox's token, everything would be easily resolved. He could enter any store and buy whatever he wanted.

However, he looked up at the Divine Mountain. In the end, he didn't take out the clay fox's token. Instead, he transmitted his voice to Qiu Quezi.

After that, he turned and returned to his residence.

After resting for a while in his residence, Qiu Quezi brought all the information he could gather about the Mountains and Seas Region and handed it to Xu Qing.

After not seeing him for a few days, Qiu Quezi's expression looked a little complicated. After he delivered the information, he bowed and left.

Xu Qing took a look. With his experience, if he were to put himself in Qiu Quezi's shoes, he could understand the source of the other party's complexity.

As a member of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race, he had followed two humans who were disliked by his race. Presumably, he had to endure many mocking words in the past few days.

Xu Qing remained silent and recalled the scenes after he arrived in the holy city. A sense of resentment rose within him. After a long while, he picked up the jade slip brought by Qiu Quezi and carefully examined the information about the second segment of the hunt.

The second segment would be held in the Mountains and Seas Region.

This region was quite unique; inside, there were no cultivator groups, but instead an uncountable number of mutated beasts, some solitary and others in groups, ultimately forming a land of beasts.

Over the countless years, regardless of whether it was the beasts in this regions or the beasts the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race had obtained from outside, under the accumulation and reproduction, there were too many inexplicable mutations and the emergence of various bizarre creatures, as well as fierce beasts not found in the outside world.

For example, the ghost carriage Xu Qing and the captain had seen was one of them.

As for the earliest history of the Mountains and Seas Region, the jade slip sent by Qiu Quezi didn't elaborate. It only had a short sentence about it.

It was related to the ancient legend of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven.

What it was specifically, it didn't mention.

Regarding this, Xu Qing wasn't too curious. What he focused on was the famous ferocious beasts recorded in the jade slip and their territories.

After a careful inspection, Xu Qing finally looked at the ferocious beast ranked first.

Its name was Nine Li!

This beast's status in the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race was very special. This was because in the history of the Flame Moon Race, there had only been one time when Jiuli was subdued.

That was the first patriarch of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race back then. He was also the one who led the rise of this race and unified the Great Magistrates.

His mount was Jiuli.

After that, no one succeeded in conquering it.

It was also because of this that Jiuli held an extremely high position in the hearts of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven cultivators.

In fact, Flame Moon even uttered that if someone subdued Jiuli, then all the members of the Flame Moon Race would have to salute and bow to them.

There were also many rumors regarding the Jiuli, but there were very few specific descriptions. Moreover, there was no mention of whether it existed alone or in a group.

In addition, the jade slip also mentioned that although the experts of the older generation in the Flame Moon Race should have the ability to subdue Jiuli, the gods of the Flame Moon had made strict rules regarding the Mountains and Seas Region.

That location was usually not open and it was strictly forbidden to enter.

Only during the Grand Hunt would the gods open it. It was likewise at this time that the participants could obtain mutated beasts inside as mounts.

This restriction caused the Jiuli to not emerge again for countless years.

As for the location where the Jiuli was located, it was called the Jiuli Forbidden. The jade slip obviously pointed out that that place was extremely dangerous. Anyone who entered would definitely die.

"Jiuli?"

Xu Qing fell silent. He didn't know if he was thinking too much but after reading these introductions regarding Jiuli, he had a faint feeling that there seemed to be contradictions in a lot of information.

"Is there something hidden…"

Xu Qing fell into deep thought.

"What kind of a ferocious beast is the Jiuli?"































































Xu Qing was tempted by Jiuli.

After all, if he could subdue this ferocious beast which had a special significance in the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race and turn it into a mount, he would definitely be able to leave everyone behind and become the first in the second segment.

Xu Qing's target wasn't the Mystic Heaven General but the Grand Mystic Heaven!

If he wanted to become the Grand Mystic Heaven, he had to obtain first place in every segment.

"Unfortunately, Jiuli… isn't something I can subdue."

Xu Qing felt a bit regretful. While he could be decisive and even reckless at times, most of his actions were based on careful consideration and comparison, which was slightly different from the captain.

Simply put, Xu Qing still had his rationality.

Hence, he was aware that since no one had successfully subdued this ferocious beast after so many years, there must be some secrets that outsiders didn't know about.

One could imagine how dangerous it was.

Hence, Xu Qing retracted his divine sense from the jade slip that introduced the Jiuli. He was about to check the jade slip that introduced the information of the other ferocious beasts and choose his target.

At this moment, his expression changed slightly as he lifted his head and looked outside the house.

At that moment, it was night outside. It was also time for curfew. The night was like ink, materializing into wisps that spread out through the gap in the door of the house. Finally, they gathered in front of Xu Qing, forming the captain's figure.

This method of appearance was a little special. In fact, if it wasn't for the captain transmitting his divine sense when he got close, it would have been very difficult for Xu Qing to sense him in advance. Hence, he took a few more glances.

These few glances made the captain feel fully satisfied.



"How is it, Little Qing? Wasn't my appearance silent?"

Xu Qing nodded.

"So, don't worry. The effect of the words of the Wordless Stone Scripture is incredibly profound. It wasn't in vain that I stayed in the Star Emperor's branch for so long."

Although Xu Qing was the one who obtained the words in the end, it was obvious that the captain had deliberately neglected this matter. At that moment, he maintained his arrogance and sat in front of Xu Qing. His gaze landed on those jade slips. After his divine sense swept through them and checked the content, he smiled spuriously.

"Jiuli?"

"This is a real treasure, but it's slightly difficult for you to subdue it."

When Xu Qing heard this, he looked at the captain.

"Eldest Senior Brother, have you seen Jiuli?"

The captain lifted his chin and was about to say something when he instinctively turned his head in the direction of the Divine Mountain and coughed.

"There are some things that can't be said in the Holy City. They're too sensitive. If you had been born a few years earlier, you might have had a chance of subduing Jiuli. Now… don't even think about it."

"As for this information about Jiuli…"

The captain smirked, rummaged through the storage bag, and eventually took out a shrimp. He split it in half and winked at Xu Qing.

Xu Qing fell into deep thought.

Then, with a wave of his hand, he set aside the jade slips about Jiuli and pulled out a black bamboo slip from his body, emitting a hint of ancient aura, as if it had existed for a long time.

"Little Qing, in the first segment, Eldest Senior Brother didn't help much, so I went out a few days ago to gather information and look for some traces left behind before."

"Full harvest!"

The captain was beaming with joy.

"According to my investigation, I'm 100% confident that I can make you first in the second segment."

"You don't have to worry about this. I'll handle it!"

"When the second segment begins in a month, I'll have to do something alone. You can just stroll around the Mountains and Seas Region. Don't worry about me. By the time the second segment ends, I guarantee that you'll obtain a shanchi cub!"

"That's a ferocious beast from the Mountains and Seas ranked in the top five. It's even higher than a ghost carriage. It can be considered the highest-level beast that can be subdued in this segment."

 "This time, Eldest Senior Brother has got your back!"

The captain had a proud expression.

Xu Qing smiled. Regardless of whether what Eldest Senior Brother said was reliable or not, this feeling of being protected was very warm to Xu Qing.

"Thank you, Senior Brother."

The captain's mood became even better. He hummed a tune and took out a carving knife. He started engraving on the black bamboo slip, observing as he worked. Sometimes, he blew away the wood chips with his breath, showing great care as if crafting some ancient artifact.

As for Xu Qing, he glanced over but couldn't discern the specifics. He only saw what seemed like a crescent moon shape and numerous mysterious runes engraved on it.

"What is this?"

The captain smiled mysteriously.

"This is the Mountains and Seas ferocious beast summoning token!"

"Back then, when I was on good terms with that old woman, Moon Flame, I was the one who helped make many of her things."

"This token is a good thing. Although I don't have any ready-

made ones now, it's okay. I plan to make a hundred or so. Let's see if I can't knock out a shanchi if I throw them together!"

"I'm good at making this thing. Back then, I secretly sold a lot… And I even gave it an impressive name."

At this point, the captain coughed and didn't speak anymore. He lowered his head and continued working.

Looking at the captain working hard to engrave, Xu Qing's expression was a little strange. Just as he was about to speak, his voice transmission jade slip vibrated.

Xu Qing took it out and checked with his divine sense.

The captain also lifted his head and looked at Xu Qing's voice transmission jade slip.

"It's the Eldest Prince. He has arrived at the Holy City and is asking about our location. He wants to visit."

Xu Qing looked at the bamboo slip in the captain's hand.

"It's fine. He probably won't be able to recognize it. After all, this is an ancient item. Besides, it's fine even if he recognizes it. I'll give him a few when the time comes."

The captain didn't care and continued to engrave.

Xu Qing thought about it and transmitted the location of his residence.

Not long later, the Eldest Prince appeared outside the residence and bowed.

"Guyue Zhonghui requests to see Lord Xu."

His posture and tone emphasized etiquette.

If it was before Xu Qing killed Prince Mingnan, the Eldest Prince wouldn't have behaved like this. Even though he wasn't liked by the Human Emperor, he was still the Eldest Prince after all.

However, that experience caused Xu Qing's status in his heart to be extremely high.

He was sincerely convinced which was why he was so respectful.

The door of the residence silently opened.

The Eldest Prince, who was standing outside, took a deep breath and tidied his clothes before walking in. The moment he saw Xu Qing, he cupped his hands and bowed.

"Congratulations, Lord Xu, for obtaining the first place in the first segment of the Grand Hunt!"

Xu Qing looked at the Eldest Prince. Compared to when they met during the fight with Prince Mingnan, the Eldest Prince's injuries seemed to have healed significantly. Additionally, he seemed to have grown a lot after that incident.

Moreover, he looked the most similar to the Human Emperor, so there was a faint air of majestic aura on him.

Xu Qing nodded slightly and gestured for the Eldest Prince to sit down.

The Eldest Prince sat cross-legged and took out three jade slips, placing them in front of Xu Qing.

"Lord Xu, after we parted that day, the cultivators under me and I gathered a lot of information about the second segment, as well as the heaven's chosens among the participants in the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven's Grand Hunt."

"I hope it can be of some help to Lord Xu."

"There's also some information about the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race."

The Eldest Prince spoke softly.

"The first jade slip records the habitats of the vast majority of ferocious beasts and the related introductions. Many of them can't be bought outside. I obtained them from my maternal family."

"The second jade slip records the great heaven's chosens of the various races of the Flame Moon Race."

"I heard of Lord Xu's battle with Tuoshi Shan. Tuoshi Shan is one of the five heaven's chosen for the Flame Moon Race."

"Counting the other four heaven's chosens of the main race and the outstanding ones from the subsidiary races, there are a total of 17."

"With Lord Xu's combat strength, the others won't be a problem, but you have to pay special attention to those few heaven's chosens of the Flame Moon Race… Because identity is no longer important to them."

"They are the seeds meant to suppress all directions in this generation of Flame Moon."

"Tian Mozi is at the third stage of Nihility, but he possesses the combat strength of the perfected Nihility Realm. He's ranked fourth in the Flame Moon Race's current generation, and is the top talent within the jurisdiction of the Star Flame High God. He once combated against Tuoshi Shan and defeated him."

"Fan Shishuang, also at the third stage Nihility, ranks third. He also holds the combat strength of the perfected Nihility Realm. He even had the experience of fighting a life-and-

death battle with a foreign almighty who had just stepped into the Soul Accumulation Realm and successfully escaped without dying. He is the top talent within the jurisdiction of the Moon Flame High God."

"Ji Dongzi, at the third stage of Nihility, ranks second. He belongs to the jurisdiction of the Sun Flame High God. This person is ruthless and he will definitely kill when he attacks. The number of foreign races slaughtered by him exceeds dozens, and he has refined blood children to serve him."

"He has numerous methods, including an impressive record of holding his own against a Flame Moon Race Soul Accumulation captive. Although that captive was already at the end of his rope, he's still a Soul Accumulation cultivator after all…"

"As for the last one, his name is Flame Mystic. His real name isn't this. He inherited the Dao title of Flame Mystic and is the number one heaven's chosen of Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race!"

"He can suppress all the same generation cultivators of the race!"

"First stage of Nihility, but his combat strength surpasses the realm of Nihility. He holds the power of a Soul Accumulation with a great world!"

At this point, the Eldest Prince seized a deep breath.

Xu Qing was also moved.

Although he hadn't truly fought with Tuoshi Shan, the pressure the other party bestowed him was very strong. Xu Qing admitted that he didn't have complete confidence in suppressing him.

Of course, if it was a life-and-death battle, he was confident in killing Tuoshi Shan but the price would definitely not be small.

However, any one of the four people the Eldest Prince cited made Xu Qing feel pressured, especially the last one…

"My cultivation base is still not enough."

Xu Qing mumbled inwardly.

"These four are different from Tuoshi Shan. They don't care regarding becoming Mystic Heaven Generals. What they want is to enter the Divine Realm and obtain the blood of the divine creatures there, forming their own great world foundation in advance."

After the Eldest Prince finished speaking, he was regarding to talk about the content of the third jade slip. However, at that time, after talking for so long, he finally glanced at the captain from the corner of his eyes.

Originally, it was just an instinctive glance, but with this glance, he suddenly swallowed what he wanted to say. His heart rumbled and his eyes widened.

Looking at the bamboo slip the captain was carving, his face revealed uncontrollable disbelief.

"This is…"

"God's Law Token!!"

The Eldest Prince's heart trembled violently and he stood up abruptly. He had seen this token before and there was one in his maternal family.

It was an ancient relic as well as a divine artifact, revered by the family and enshrined in the clan's shrine.































































The Eldest Prince's voice was filled with disbelief as he looked at the bamboo slip in the captain's hand. After identifying it again, he was certain that he hadn't remembered wrongly.

Although he had been to his maternal family only a few times, he had a vivid impression of the items that could be enshrined in the clan's shrine.

Especially the clan head and the elders of his maternal family treated this item with extreme respect. They called it the 'God's law Token,' attributing it to the clan's first patriarch who had performed great deeds for the Moon Flame High God, earning the god's reward.

That was an item belonging to a god and to a certain extent, it represented the god. It was also the foundation of the family and wouldn't be easily shown to outsiders.

Hence, even though he had confirmed that it was this item, the Eldest Prince still didn't dare to believe it.

It was too subversive.

That supreme item actually existed in Chen Erniu's hands. Moreover, he was carving it and carving one after another…

However… regardless of its aura, appearance, or even the unique fluctuations it emitted, everything told him that this item… was the God's Law Token.

The Eldest Prince's breathing quickened, to the point where he even forgot to continue introducing the content of the third jade slip to Xu Qing. He had a sense of urgency as if he was witnessing the squandering of a priceless treasure, and he spoke rapidly.

"Stop!"

"Fellow Daoist Erniu, this item… you can't engrave this item."

The captain's expression was extremely calm and composed. He lifted his chin slightly, his eyelids drooping as he cast a glance at the Eldest Prince.

"You're quite knowledgeable to know the name of this item."

With that, the captain's carving knife made another stroke. As the sound of the knife cutting through the air echoed, a tremor ran through the Eldest Prince's heart, followed by a surge of emotions.

This was because he discovered that… after this knife stroke, not only was the God's Law Token undamaged, but its aura became even denser.



"Wha…"

The Eldest Prince was stunned.

The captain calmly spoke.

"Since you can recognize it, it means that you've seen it before. Such sacred items are extremely rare nowadays."

The Eldest Prince's heart was in a mess. He forcefully suppressed his emotions and cupped his hands toward the captain.

"I've seen it in my mother's family. it was obtained by my maternal family's first patriarch back then through meritorious service."

The captain's eyebrows shot up.

"What's your mother's family name?"

"Qingfeng, under the jurisdiction of the Moon Flame Temple…"

The Eldest Prince remained silent and spoke in a low voice.

"Qingfeng of the three great families of Moon Flame? Your first patriarch's name is Qingfeng Lingkong, right?"

The captain recalled and gave a spurious smile.

The Eldest Prince was surprised that the other party could so easily speak it out, but considering that Chen Erniu was with Xu Qing all the way, and with Qiu Quezi following them, it was understandable that he might know of these.

The captain didn't say anything else and continued to carve.

Only Xu Qing had a strange expression. He thought of what the captain had said before the Eldest Prince came… that he had once forged hundreds of them and secretly sold them.

Hence, Xu Qing glanced at the Eldest Prince and a guess about the first patriarch of the Eldest Prince's maternal family obtaining this bamboo slip couldn't help but rise in his heart.

After the interlude with the captain, it was clearly very difficult for the Eldest Prince's heart to calm down in a short period. This was especially so since… it was unknown if the captain did it on purpose but the sound of him carving was very loud.

As the carving sounds echoed, the Eldest Prince hurriedly introduced the content of the third jade slip to Xu Qing. After that, he stood up uneasily and bade farewell.

Before he left, he also gave Xu Qing a token and told him that this was the token of his maternal family's shop in the holy city. If he took this token there, he could obtain some necessary supplies for the second segment for free.

Clearly, although he had been abandoned by his maternal family because he had refused to return to the Flame Moon Race, there was still a tie between them.

 Otherwise, a forbidden mountain wouldn't have been designated for him in the forbidden zone Xu Qing had gone to back then.

Seeing that the Eldest Prince was so sensible, the captain nodded slightly. He then casually threw the bamboo slip he had finished carving at the Eldest Prince.

The Eldest Prince instinctively lifted his hands and caught it. His expression changed. He was very clear that the meaning of this God's Law Token was extraordinary, so he didn't know what Chen Erniu was trying to do.

"This is for you. Remember not to let others know. With this item, it won't be a problem for you to pass the second segment."

The captain spoke proudly.

The Eldest Prince's head continued to buzz. The image of the captain in his heart changed again and was filled with mystery.

"This item is too valuable… you should give it to Lord Xu. This way…"

The Eldest Prince hesitated.

"You're right, but you deserve it!"

The captain interrupted the Eldest Prince and stood up to walk in front of him. He patted his shoulder and spoke earnestly.

"Always remember that you're a human. Even if the value of this item is monstrous, as long as you're a human, you deserve to obtain it!"

"As for Xu Qing, he doesn't need it. His life is destined for battles and adventures, that's his path."

"Therefore, I think more highly of you."

The captain encouraged.

If it were any other time, his words wouldn't have caused much of a stir with the Eldest Prince, unless they were filled with profound philosophical insights.

But now, it was different.

The Eldest Prince shuddered, took a deep breath, nodded heavily, took three steps back, and bowed deeply to the captain.

The captain placed his hands behind his back and nodded slightly. A smile appeared on his face as he watched the Eldest Prince leave. After the Eldest Prince's figure disappeared from the house, he winked at Xu Qing proudly.

"Back then, Lingkong was also deceived like this."

Xu Qing didn't speak. His gaze landed on the three jade slips in front of him. After that, he picked up the second one and the details of the four great heaven's chosens the Eldest Prince had mentioned appeared in his mind.

His divine sense also checked the jade slip. The records were even more detailed. Other than the introductions, there were also some recordings.

Looking at these, Xu Qing's heart slowly calmed down.

The smooth journey until now didn't make him feel any joy, although he knew that he had far surpassed his peers.

This was especially so when he recalled his experiences over the years. Other than the captain, no one else could keep up with him.

However, he was still not satisfied.

Back then, his dream in the slums was only to find his parents and survive. If he could live a little better, he would be even more content.

However, Crown Prince Purple Green's appearance caused him tremendous stimulation and also changed his heart.

He yearned to become stronger!

'After coming to this race whose strength surpasses the human race, I have discovered my shortcomings.'

'Only by fighting against these heaven's chosens of the same generation can I go further!'

Xu Qing took a deep breath and closed his eyes. He then meditated and looked at his secret repositories.

He now had four and a half secret repositories.

Three formed the god forms, one was the Emperor Sword, and the other half was the shape of the Sundial he had envisioned previously.

Xu Qing pondered over his cultivation path.

'I have to think of a way to completely form the fifth secret repository and increase my combat strength.'

In terms of direction, Xu Qing had a few choices. One was to rely on the soul threads to simulate the form of Crimson Goddess and fuse with it to become the master of the Purple Moon and reach the complete fourth god form.

However, there were also some drawbacks to doing so. The connection with Red Moon would be too deep to the point of being inseparable.

It was difficult for Xu Qing to tell if Li Zihua was a friend or foe. Hence, there would probably be life-and-death tribulations in the future.

The other choice was to form the fifth secret repository again. However, this required an item that was of the same level as the other divine repositories.

Xu Qing pondered and his heart tilted.

'There's another problem, and that is the Heavenly Dao…'

'Right now, I only have a mosasaur. Although my combat strength isn't affected because of my god forms, if there aren't enough of them, it will pose a huge obstacle to my advancement to Nihility.'

Xu Qing understood that only when every secret repository had a Heavenly Dao could it be considered complete. Only then could one break through to Nihility.

It was too difficult for the Heavenly Dao to naturally form in a Spirit Repository's spirit repository. Hence, the vast majority of them went to small worlds to capture Heavenly Dao and bind and tame it into their own Heavenly Dao.

'However, what I have are divine repositories. It's difficult for ordinary Heavenly Dao to support them. The mosasaur also appeared because of me and obtained an innate advantage before it could fuse into the divine repository.'

'In that case, what kind of Heavenly Dao can support my divine repository…'

Xu Qing rubbed his forehead and thought of the Heavenly Dao son. However, this clearly couldn't be done. Hence, he opened his eyes and gazed at the captain who had taken out another bamboo slip and was happily carving there.

He mentioned this issue.

When the captain heard this, he lifted his head. After some thought, he suddenly smiled.

"The Heavenly Dao that can fuse with the divine repository is naturally related to gods."

"Isn't there the third segment later?"

"At that time, no matter which Divine Realm is opened, it won't matter."

"The Divine Realm is filled with divine items. At that time, we'll capture a few divine creatures and suppress them in your divine repository. Wouldn't their souls be the Heavenly Dao?"

Xu Qing's eyes narrowed as he pondered over the feasibility.

Just like that, several days passed.

There was only half a month departed until the second segment began.

As for the counterfeiting work the captain was doing, it was already halfway through. Xu Qing's train of pondered was even more clear. Coupled with his thoughts and the captain's reminder, he had a direction after fine-tuning them.

Hence, on this afternoon, Xu Qing departed the house. He wanted to make a trip to the shop of the Eldest Prince's maternal family to buy some supplies.

Other than medicinal pills, he also needed poisonous grass.

That token played a huge role, causing Xu Qing's purchase this time around to be extremely smooth. Not only did he obtain many medicinal pills, but he also obtained a lot of poisonous grass that was rarely seen in the human territories.

On the way out of the shop, he still encountered some Flame Moon cultivators who were challenging him to gain reputation and gazes filled with disgust. However, Xu Qing directly ignored them.

However, sometimes, if one ignored it time and time again, they would be seen as weak and it would also fuel the other party's arrogance.

For example, on the way back to his residence, Xu Qing halted in his tracks.

The aura on his body fluctuated.

His gaze fell upon an open-air market on the right, which was a place where slaves were sold within the Flame Moon Race. Inside, there were various races, all of them cultivators.

Each one appeared weak, covered in scars, with iron chains piercing their bodies, like livestock.

Among them… Due to the current war, there were many human prisoners of war. It was unknown what channels they used to send them here and make them merchandise.

They were all human soldiers, but now, they were standing there numbly.

The Eldest Prince was also here. He was negotiating with the slave master with a gloomy expression, wanting to buy back those humans.

However, it was obvious that the discussion didn't go smoothly.































































The slave owner with whom the Eldest Prince was negotiating was also a member of the Flame Moon, dressed in luxurious robes and possessing considerable cultivation. There was a hint of disdain on his face as he glanced at Xu Qing, who had stopped not far away, before turning his gaze to the Eldest Prince."

"It's not like I can't sell them to you."

"But, you see, are you of the human race, or are you a member of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven? The difference here is not the same."

"If it's the human race, you don't have the qualifications to buy slave cultivators. If it's my Flame Moon Race, I can sell some to you."

The slave owner calmly spoke and casually pried open the mouth of a human prisoner of war beside him.

"Look, these teeth are still not bad. He has value."

The expression of the human prisoner, numb with humiliation, changed slightly, a sense of shame flowing in his eyes, until eventually he closed them. However, as the slave owner shook his hand, the prisoner's eyes were forcibly opened again.

The slave owner smiled and his gaze landed on Xu Qing again. This time, it carried a hint of provocation.

To be able to open a slave market in the holy city and have a way to transport the human prisoners of war from far away in the Black Heaven Region, one could imagine that the forces behind this slave market must be astonishing.

Hence, he didn't care about the Eldest Prince of the human race at all. After all, everyone knew that the other party had been abandoned by his maternal family.

What he cared about was Xu Qing, the human who had obtained the first segment's first place.

The Eldest Prince's expression was unsightly and his eyes were filled with anger. However, this was the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race, so he took a deep breath and could only endure it. He took out a jade slip and transmitted his voice, preparing to use his own method to buy back the human prisoners of war.

The development of the matter wasn't too surprising. After all, the Eldest Prince still had some friends in the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race. They might not be able to do a huge favor, but a small matter like buying these human prisoners of war wasn't hard.

Hence, soon, a few cultivators from the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven arrived. After negotiating, they bought those human prisoners of war.



Xu Qing watched the entire time until the matter was over. Under the disdainful gaze of the slave owner, he silently turned around and walked toward his residence.

However, he walked very slowly.

The setting sun in the distance was red today.

The light from the horizon scattered on his way, dyeing the sky and the path red like blood.

Looking at the red glow, two voices gradually appeared in Xu Qing's mind.

One voice told him that he didn't have a deep attachment to the human race. When he was young, the experience of eating humans and the evil in the world mostly came from the humans.

The Imperial Capital wasn't his home. His home was Fenghai County.

Family and friends were his soft points.

In this era, in this world, the most important thing was for him and his friends to live well.

As for the other voice, it was very soft. Xu Qing couldn't hear what it was saying clearly either.

He could only hear the old Palace Master's name and the name of the Sword Holding Emperor between the two voices…

Xu Qing walked all the way.

After a long time, just as the sunlight was about to dissipate, he arrived in front of his residence.

There were dozens of jade slips at the entrance.

Those were all challenge letters from the cultivators of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven and their affiliated races.

In the past half a month, because Xu Qing hadn't accepted any challenges, the challengers became brazen and started throwing challenge jade slips to his residence.

There were actually fewer today.

Looking at those jade slips, Xu Qing stopped in his tracks. The scenes after he arrived at the Flame Moon Holy City surfaced in his mind. The repulsive gaze and the feeling that even his breathing seemed to be rejected caused Xu Qing's heart to stir.

There was also Qiu Quezi's loneliness and the provocation from the slave owner.

Also, the numb expressions of those human prisoners of war and the humiliated gazes of the human whose mouth had been pried open.

Xu Qing closed his eyes.

 He had killed since he was young because he sensed killing intent. Hence, he attacked to kill everything that threatened his life.

The main reason why he didn't bother with these challenges was because he didn't want to complicate things.

Before he obtained the first segment's first place, his goal was clear. Hence, he could kill on the way here. After coming here, what he wanted to do was to peacefully pass this month and wait for the second segment to begin.

He didn't want any accidents to happen.

He believed that some of these challenges were spontaneous, but he was also very clear that there were also some who must have encouraged these challengers from behind.

It was all to make him leave the city.

After all, in the Holy City, no one could make a move.

If he accepted the challenge, he would have to leave the city…

'It's nothing. Just bear with it.'

Xu Qing mumbled inwardly. He retracted his gaze from the challenge jade slips and walked toward his residence. However, his footsteps became slower and heavier.

In the residence, the captain sensed it and lifted his head in surprise. He was about to get up and go out to take a look.

However, at that moment, footsteps rang out from behind Xu Qing. Five to six youths from the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven who had challenged Xu Qing to gain reputation but were ignored by Xu Qing appeared.

These people's cultivation levels were all in the Spirit Repository. After many challenges, they gained some fame among the younger generation of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race. Hence, they came together today and prepared to continue throwing out challenge jade slips.

After seeing Xu Qing from afar, one of them sneered and threw out a jade slip. It landed on the ground in front of the house and he was about to speak.

However, at the next instant, Xu Qing stopped in his tracks. His gaze landed on the jade slip at the side. After that, he turned around and looked at the youth who had thrown the jade slip.

The youth's body trembled. He swallowed the words he wanted to say after meeting Xu Qing's gaze.

A chill seemed to spread over from Xu Qing's gaze and instantly enveloped his entire body. At this moment, an extremely intense sense of life-and-death crisis also erupted in his body.

Every part of his body seemed to have become independent, and all of them transmitted a sense of danger. This caused the youth to instinctively take a few steps back and his breathing became hurried.

His companions at the side also threw out challenge jade slips one after another. However, when they saw this scene and were swept by Xu Qing's gaze, their bodies trembled and an uneasy feeling suddenly rose in their hearts.

They seemed to have suddenly landed in midwinter at this moment.

Vaguely, there were also some blood-red snowflakes that intertwined between illusion and reality, falling in all directions. They swept up those jade slips and brought them in front of Xu Qing.

Looking at these jade slips, Xu Qing lifted his hand.

At that moment, the door of the house opened. The captain stood there and looked at Xu Qing's back. He wanted to say something but in the end, he changed what he wanted to say.

"Junior Brother, if you want to do it, do it. The most important thing is to have a clear mind."

Xu Qing's hand landed on those jade slips and he squeezed them slightly. All the jade slips shattered; the challenge contract was established!

As Xu Qing's hoarse voice rang out, the temperature in the surroundings fell even lower.

"I accept."

The instant he finished speaking, Xu Qing's figure directly blurred. At the same time, the Flame Moon cultivators who came, as well as all the cultivators who had put down the challenge jade slips here today, became blurry.

As long as they were still in the holy city, no matter where they were, their bodies would blur and they would be teleported out the moment the challenge contract was established.

Hence, Xu Qing's figure instantly disappeared from outside his residence. When he reappeared, he was outside the city.

The dozens of Flame Moon cultivators who had challenged today appeared together.

These people's breathing was hurried. Some were stunned, some were shocked, some were panicked, and some tried to retreat.

They were just trying to gain some reputation.

Xu Qing's acceptance didn't match his rationality and was also something they couldn't predict. After all, in the past half a month, Xu Qing had ignored all the challenges. However, today… he actually agreed.

Hence, all of their hearts stirred. Some of them were about to say something.

However, at the following instant, the coldness in Xu Qing's eyes erupted. He took a step forward and directly arrived in front of the adolescent who had thrown out the jade slip.

The huge gap between their combat strengths caused the adolescent to be unable to react in time. In the blink of an eye, Xu Qing's left hand grabbed his neck.

His body rapidly withered and was absorbed by Xu Qing.

His soul continued to dim and was devoured by Xu Qing.

This youth was like a deflated balloon. In the span of a short breath, his entire life passed.

He let out an extremely tragic wail that resounded through the world.

This scene caused the hearts of the surrounding cultivators to rumble. In their eyes, Xu Qing was no longer that human who could be challenged at will but a ferocious demon.

They instinctively tried to escape but it was too late.

Xu Qing instantly disappeared and when he reappeared, he was behind another cultivator. A dagger slashed across this person's neck.

His head and blood flew together.

The world spun.

A rumbling sound echoed out. It was the sound of flesh and blood collapsing and the shattering of the head that couldn't land on the ground.

Kill!

The hostility accumulated in Xu Qing's soul rose. He took another step and appeared beside the third Flame Moon cultivator. He didn't even glance at him. The instant he passed by, the cultivator let out a mournful wail and all the blood in his body erupted on its own.

His blood had been controlled.

It transformed into a blood flower that bloomed in the air before heading straight for Xu Qing, circling around him.

It looked demonic and beautiful.

At this moment, Xu Qing didn't want to consider anything. The two voices in his soul fused together and became one word.

Kill!

In an instant, flowers of blood bloomed outside the city. Accompanied by miserable cries, a large amount of blood spread out from these cultivators and gathered toward Xu Qing.

He didn't stop. Wherever he passed, demise would follow.

One post another, their bodies collapsed and their heads flew up.

The meaning of life seemed to be to sacrifice to his dagger at this moment.

The shroud on the dagger was already dyed red, emitting a bloodthirsty aura. The sharpness of the dagger became the only light that all lives saw in the end.

Dozens of cultivators died in less than ten breaths of time!

As for Xu Qing's massacre, there seemed to be an artistic obsession with cleanliness. Hence, there were no corpses.

Only the blood revolving around him, with the red glow fading from the sky, added to its continuation.

Under the blood-red sunlight, Xu Qing looked at the holy city without saying anything.

His actions, his gaze, and his aura had already formed words.

All challengers, I await you… to battle!































































An uproar rang out in the holy city. The eyes of those Flame Moon cultivators who had challenged Xu Qing flashed but they didn't act rashly.

To some of them, the value of the challenge wasn't to truly fight but to gain reputation.

Previously, these cultivators only chose to follow the crowd when they saw that Xu Qing didn't accept the challenges and there were unseen forces at play behind the scenes that were encouraging them. As for now… they had no intention of taking action.

Their only thought was to watch the show.

However, there were some Flame Moon cultivators who sincerely wanted to challenge Xu Qing. They couldn't accept that a human was defeating them.

This feeling of humiliation made them extremely angry.

Such cultivators often had a certain number of trump cards and were confident in themselves. Even though they had heard of Xu Qing's battle results and the death of Prince Mingnan…

For them, the meaning of life was not reflected in its length, but in its brightness.

Compared to a long but mediocre life, they desired brilliance and glory, even if it was just for a moment. That's what made life worthwhile for them.

The Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race was a valiant and a terrifying race.

Hence, at the next instant, dozens of Flame Moon cultivators rose into the air, revealing the cultivation base of the first stage Nihility, heading straight towards the outskirts of the city.

Their powerful innate physical strength transformed into qi and blood energy.

This caused the sky to change color and Dao marks appeared in the surroundings. After gathering the power of these dozens of cultivators, the sky rippled as though an invisible large hand was descending from it to suppress Xu Qing.



It wanted to connect to the red glow on Xu Qing's body and directly destroy him.

Flame Moon's foundation could be somewhat seen from this.

In the remote regions of the human race, Nihility cultivators were already overlords. However, in the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race, they were only outstanding talents.

At that moment, these dozens of first stage Nihility cultivators tore through the sky with the intent of extermination and suppression, stirring up sharp rumbling sounds. The moment they rushed out of the city, they directly headed straight for Xu Qing.

In the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race, even if it was a challenge, they wouldn't restrict it to being one-on-one. In the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven's understanding, experts… didn't appear in one-on-one battles.

A true expert who could truly make others convinced was a cultivator who could fight against a hundred and a thousand alone, displaying supreme domineeringness that suppressed his peers.

Only such a cultivator would be recognized as a heaven's chosen in the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race.

Hence, they didn't hesitate at all. The Dao marks in the sky seemed to come alive and transformed into silver and golden dragons that roared in all directions.

There were also dozens of extraordinary magic treasures, including sabers, spears, swords, and halberds. They followed the Dao marks along with the eruption of the divine abilities and physical strength of these cultivators.

The laws collapsed and the rules dimmed here. The wind, rain, and lightning intertwined chaotically. The world seemed to experience rapid changes of spring, summer, autumn, and winter.

Xu Qing lifted his head. There was a cold glint in his eyes. He could sense the blurry laws in the surroundings and the feeling of being squeezed from everywhere.

He also felt the feeling of being restricted.

This was the feeling brought about by the rejection of his Heavenly Dao here. It was also a sign that the enemy's Heavenly Dao had replaced everything.

However, it didn't matter. Since the changes in the four seasons here were chaotic and the power of nature was chaotic, then… if he was strong, even the mountain winds and waves wouldn't be able to shake him at all.

At the next instant, millions of soul threads erupted from Xu Qing's body and rapidly gathered behind him. The first god form appeared, followed by the second god form, and then the third god form.

Xu Qing didn't plan to delay or give the enemy a chance to counterattack. Hence, the moment he attacked, he used crushing power.

This was his habit.

In an instant, the third god form emitted a terrifying energy. The power of the Poison Restriction erupted and the power of the Purple Moon rose. The blood around him seemed to cheer in joy and the world turned red.

It was like a red glow had landed on the ground, enveloping the surroundings and blocking all detection.

Many gazes and wisps of divine sense had spread over from the three holy cities. There were even some who flew to the air to observe.

Although they couldn't see what was going on inside the red glow, they could roughly sense it through the fluctuations.

Among them, there were those who were watching the show and those who were preparing to attack. They were all observing Xu Qing's true combat strength.

 However, most of their expressions were calm. Regardless of whether it was their expressions or their hearts, they didn't feel much waves.

This was because they were from the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race.

This was because they were one of the super races in the Wanggu Continent.

This was because they, who were under the three gods, were high and mighty in the vast majority of regions in this world. Every time they started a race hunt, countless races would tremble in fear.

The dignity brought by their race and their pride made them not care about the lower races.

Xu Qing was only special because he had obtained the first place in the Grand Hunt and due to his battle results here.

However… ten breaths later, this calmness changed to varying degrees as heart-rending sounds rang out from the red barrier.

At the next moment, two Flame Moon cultivators rushed out of the red glow. Their expressions were filled with horror as they attempted to escape at full speed. However, one of them didn't manage to rush far before the red light behind him moved.

Countless blood tentacles connected with soul threads rushed over and caught up to him, not giving him any chance to struggle. They instantly coiled around him and penetrated his flesh.

They then pulled.

The Flame Moon cultivator's eyes revealed despair as he was directly dragged into the red glow. After that, another heart-

rending scream rang out.

As for the other escapee, his expression was also filled with horror as he headed straight for the holy city.

As long as he stepped in, he would be able to survive. After all, no one was allowed to attack in the holy city.

However, when he was only 100 feet away from the holy city, his body suddenly paused. The horrified expression on his face was replaced by a bizarre smile.

However, the terror in his eyes was even more intense.

Immediately after, he lifted his hands and held his neck, squeezing fiercely. A cracking sound echoed as his head spun around. After that, his cultivation base burned and he died from spontaneous combustion.

At the same time, a loud sound rang out from the red glow as it shattered. It was swept away by the fluctuations erupting from inside, revealing the corpses that were rapidly rotting and dissipating on the ground.

There was also the figure of the god standing there. Its entire body was covered in a monstrous blood light, It had countless blood tentacles, and It was surrounded by a blood lake.

It calmly looked at the holy city.

The expressions of the Flame Moon cultivators in the three holy cities turned solemn. They stared at that figure and their hearts stirred.

This emotional upheaval came from the deaths of dozens of their fellow clansmen, but the even greater source was… Xu Qing's calmness.

From the start to the end, he didn't say a word. He just stood there and looked at the holy city.

Vaguely, a domineering aura seemed to have appeared on his body.

Even some of the older generation of Flame Moon's cultivators felt their hearts fluctuating.

"The great heaven's chosen of the human race…"

The human race was once the strongest race in the Wanggu Continent!

But they were declining, with each generation worse than the last. However, there would still occasionally be resplendent light shining from it that reflected in the memories of these older generation cultivators of Flame Moon.

The dozens of heaven's chosens from the Flame Moon Races recorded in the Eldest Prince's second jade slip existed also in the holy cities.

However, at this moment, no one chose to attack.

Just as Xu Qing had thought, their target was the mounts in the second segment. This managed increase their combat strength and allow them to obtain greater gains in the third segment.

During this period of time, everything they did had to be worth it. If they chose to fight to the death with Xu Qing, regardless of the outcome, they would definitely suffer injuries. If they missed the subsequent Grand Hunt segments because of this, the gains wouldn't make up for the losses.

Hence, in their respective cave abodes, they only sensed the situation before retracting their divine senses.

The few great heaven's chosens whom the Eldest Prince had emphasized to Xu Qing were among them.

At that moment, in Star Flame Holy City, on a luxurious tower, a cold-looking youth sat cross-legged.

On his lap was a black heavy sword, emitting a strong smell of blood.

He wore a black robe and had long hair. Tattoos of the Flame Moon Race spread throughout his body, including his face. As they flickered, a terrifying energy spread.

His body was already extraordinary and holy. It was even harder to sense the specifics of his cultivation base. Only the aura emitted by his body determined that he was at the level of Perfected Nihility Realm.

This person was none other than the fourth among the Flame Moon Race's heaven's chosens, Tian Mozi.

That dense tattoos and heavy sword existed his characteristics.

His gaze also landed outside the city. He had heard of Xu Qing and knew of his battle results. He also knew who had a hand in the recent situation.

However, he wasn't willing to participate and fight. It was no longer his path. What he wanted was the blood in the Divine Realm.

Hence, he only glanced at it before retracting his gaze and ignoring it.

At the same time, in a tavern within the Moon Flame Holy City, there sat a young man dressed in a blue robe, resembling a human scholar. His attire and even his gentle appearance bore a resemblance to those of the human race. He was engaged in cheerful conversation with two Flame Moon female cultivators seated across from him.

"What do you guys think of that human?"

"I've heard that he's a little interesting."

The youth smiled as he tasted the dishes.

The two female cultivators opposite him had sweet smiles and their appearances existed also human-like. However, their skin color wasn't normal and their expressions didn't change at all. They didn't even move.

Inside the tavern, there existed numerous other patrons, seemingly creating a lively atmosphere at first glance. However, all of the patrons remained completely still, frozen in various poses.

Nearby, the innkeeper appeared to be shouting, while a waiter was about to ascend the staircase.

Upon closer inspection, it became evident that none of the individuals present existed living beings; they were all puppets crafted from jade.

In the entire tavern, only the youth was alive.

In the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race, there was someone who especially favored such puppets.

That was the third among the Flame Moon's heavens chosens… Fan Shishuang.

As he muttered to himself, he nodded slightly.

"You guys are right. His gaze is indeed a little like your kind."

"Then, do you think I should let him join you?"































































The sun had already set.

At least for today, it had left.

As it disappeared, the red glow in the sky also disappeared. However, the blood glow on Xu Qing's body stirred up a different color of red in the dark night.

Blood light illuminated the sky.

That was the encirclement of the blood vortex, the light of the soul threads on Xu Qing's body, and the killing intent in his heart.

Standing there, he was like a demon god that represented blood and killing, waiting for the sacrifices to arrive.

After a short period of silence, the sacrifices didn't disappoint the killing intent and arrived as promised.

The first to appear was a middle-aged cultivator. This person wasn't from the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven's main race but… the Baize Race!

He walked over step by step from the holy city. With every step he took, ripples would form under his feet, turning into a black lotus flower that shone with a dark light.

A fourth stage Nihility cultivation energy rose from his body. From the energy, he was stronger than Prince Mingnan.

At the same time, a baleful aura spread out from his body.

This baleful aura didn't seem to be accumulated from pure killing. It was more like it was accumulated after experiencing many battles.

It was somewhat similar to those hundred-battle veterans in Fenghai County.



The third eye on his forehead was half-opened, revealing a cold and confident gaze.

He wasn't a heaven's chosen.

Instead, he was summoned by the race and returned from the Black Spirit Battlefield specifically for Xu Qing!

With the efforts of the Baize Race, he obtained the temporary qualifications to participate in the Grand Hunt.

The Baize Race was one of those who had been behind this recent situation in the holy city.

However, evidently, a mere Baize Race attempting to stir up such turmoil was overreaching. Yet, the answer soon emerged as the figure of this Baize cultivator approached; another figure emerged from within the holy city at the same moment.

The figure was tall and slender, with six arms distinguishing it from the human race. There were natural scars on his forehead, and he had red skin, with eerie tattoos across his entire body, setting him apart.

He was a member of the Si'e Race who was fighting against the human race at the border!

As one of the three major subsidiary races of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven, this race had a deep foundation and had a close relationship with the Flame Moon Race. They even held positions under the three Great Magistrates' tents.

The main ritual hosts.

They were the masterminds behind the incident in the holy city.

Xu Qing's gaze swept over and landed on these two cultivators. He wasn't surprised. In reality, in Xu Qing's judgment, Baize and Si'e were only on the surface.

Behind them were the families of the cultivators he had killed. Even King Mingnan was definitely among them.

This was also the reason why Xu Qing didn't accept the challenges before.

'Eldest Senior Brother said that to the higher-ups of Flame Moon Mystic Heaven, this Grand Hunt is like Gu nurturing. They use such a cruel method to choose the strongest of the junior generation.'

'My role is to agitate these heaven's chosen.'

"So, they allow all of this to happen, but if someone disrupts this requirement, it means interfering with the plans of the Flame Moon's higher-ups."

'So… if I were a higher-up of the Flame Moon, such a useful source of stimulation naturally cannot disappear after just the first segment. It's best if it can continue, burning out the best effects in the final segment.'

Xu Qing's gaze was calm and so was his heart. He looked at the two cultivators who were walking over.

The Si'e Race cultivator stopped ten feet outside the city. He raised his right hand and began to perform a series of hand seals.

As for the baleful middle-aged man from the Baize Race, his killing intent churned. Step by step, he sped up and headed straight for Xu Qing.

Almost at the instant he rushed over, the third god form outside Xu Qing's body dispersed. Millions of soul threads surrounded him and danced with the blood vortex.

 At the next instant, they quickly returned and reformed outside Xu Qing's body.

In the blink of an eye, purple feathers appeared one after another, rapidly converging until they formed a body distinct from the third god form!

Standing a thousand feet tall, Its entire body was covered in purple flesh feathers, with two massive wings on Its back. Murmurs emanated from Its body, echoing in all directions.

That was the sound of the god.

There was additionally a feeling that It couldn't be gazed at directly. In the holy city cultivators' perception, Its appearance changed to a shape that could be endured by their minds.

At the same time, a purple moon slowly rose behind Xu Qing's new god form. Countless figures were worshiping on it and their voices spread out.

"The new moon's master was born in Wanggu, all beings respectfully call him Lord Purple."

"Sacrificing our souls for our lord, on the other side, there is grace, the melody of eternal joy, and another life awaits."

As the prayer was chanted, the purple moon shone brightly. The Poison Restriction spread with its light.

At that moment, the moon in the heavens additionally dimmed and was replaced by Xu Qing's moon. The world… was filled with purple.

In front of It was a huge sundial. The gnomon was spinning, forming the power of time, distorting the void and blurring everything.

Under It, a huge lotus platform appeared. Every lotus leaf represented one of Xu Qing's abilities. The Golden Crow, Ghost Emperor Mountain, morning glow, and so on were all inside.

The purple tentacles they formed spread out. From afar, Xu Qing's shape looked similar to a purple amaryllis.

This was Xu Qing's fourth god form!

Its name was Lord Purple!

Establishing this shape meant it would be difficult for him to befriend Li Zihua in the future because of the integration of the divine source, similar to how he had to confront the issue of anomalous substances when cultivating for the first time.

Rather than contemplating about life and death in the future, it was improved to think about how to live better today.































































Hence, he didn't think about it anymore, and solidified Lord Purple form as his fourth god form.

Once this form appeared, it was really as though a god had descended. The color of the world changed and the wind and clouds surged.

This was Xu Qing's strongest form currently. The dense fluctuations of the fourth stage of Nihility pushed Xu Qing's combat strength to the extreme.

At that moment, in the three holy cities, the hearts of the cultivators trembled. Even the eyes of the older generation of Flame Moon revealed a strange glint.

These experts of the older generation weren't looking at Xu Qing's combat strength but the potential of this god.

The simulation of the god's body was like a concave-convex mirror, capable of greatly magnifying the basic combat power of cultivators. This ability was what they were staring at.

However, Xu Qing still felt that it was a pity. He sensed his current state and understood that he was still half a step away from the great circle of perfection in Nihility.

This was because his foundation was still not enough.

There was still one secret repository missing.

This required time to nurture. Only then could he transform Lord Purple form into his divine repository and truly reach the great circle of perfection with five repositories. From there, he could display even stronger combat strength.

Under normal circumstances, the divine repository would appear before he could display their god form. The reason why Xu Qing could do the opposite was because of the Variant Immortal School.

Also, there was the lack of the Heavenly Dao, causing Xu Qing to be greatly inferior to Nihility cultivators in terms of laws and rules. It was just that the existence of the Heavenly Dao son allowed him to ignore the enemy's rule power.



"However, with my god art, it's enough to fight against these two."

Xu Qing lifted his right hand and pointed at the Si'e Race cultivator who was performing hand seals in the distance.

Immediately, the sky above the Si'e Race cultivator changed. The phantom of D132 flashed out and descended toward this cultivator.

A cold glint flashed in the eyes of the cultivator and he sneered.

He had long figured out Xu Qing's methods from various channels, especially D132. Hence, he didn't panic at all. He performed a series of hand seals and looked up.

The totemic tattoos that filled his entire body shone rapidly and flowed as though they were alive. They surged into his mouth and after he swallowed them, he spat out six words.

"Seal the void, shatter and annihilate!"

Seal the sky, forbidding its appearance, shatter the void, annihilate the restriction!

These six words were like a command. D132, which was in the air, suddenly paused and couldn't form in the air. The void here didn't allow seals to appear.

It trembled and collapsed.

In the holy city, the Eldest Prince had been paying attention to this battle. Seeing this, anxiety rose in his heart.

There was another cultivator in the holy city. At that moment, he was sitting on a roof, drinking and looking at the battlefield. There were also nine figures surrounding him, accompanying him as he watched.

Looking at D132's appearance and the seal restriction used by the Si'e cultivator, he sneered.

"Even I failed against it, and you are still thinking of sealing the sky? Do you think Xu Qing doesn't know how to improve? Ridiculous."

"I even suspect Xu Qing's sealing method doesn't need to descend from the sky to begin with. This fellow is very sinister. Maybe this is the flaw he took the initiative to reveal."

Almost at the instant he finished speaking, the void distorted around the Si'e Race cultivator and cages rose from the ground.

D132, which had collapsed in the sky, was instantly built under the moonlight around the Si'e Race cultivator!

Wherever the moonlight passed, D132's cages started appearing.

Sealing the sky was meaningless.

"Damn, it's really like that!"

Tuoshi Shan spat out the wine in his mouth.

At the same time, Xu Qing pointed at the middle-aged cultivator from the Baize Race who was already close to 100 feet away.

In that instant, endless purple light emitted from Xu Qing's body, forming a sea of light from the Purple Moon that directly enveloped the Baize cultivator.

 The Baize cultivator's entire body trembled and his qi and blood churned as he attempted to resist. However, at the next instant, he spat out a mouthful of blood and the blood reversed uncontrollably. His body seemed to have been cleansed by time and began to decay.

There was also corrosion. That was the eruption of the Poison Restriction under the moonlight.

Xu Qing closed his eyes and changed his pointing gesture to a palm wave. Immediately, overlapping shadows emerged on the body of the Baize cultivator.

His past, his future, and everything about him surfaced.

This included his past and his future death. Among the countless scenes of death, there was a scene of him dying and his Dao dissipating. It was rapidly becoming clear, wanting to replace the present.

The intense life-and-death crisis caused the Baize cultivator to let out a roar. His cultivation base burned and his divine abilities erupted. There were also rules and an illusory world that descended in unison.

As he resisted Xu Qing, killing intent emerged in his eyes. A baleful aura spread out and countless troops rushed out of his illusory great world, heading straight for Xu Qing.

Xu Qing didn't move. In the Purple Moon, the figures worshiping him became increasingly pious and their prayers became even more passionate.

In fact, at this instant, in the Black Spirit Region as well as Fenghai County and the Holy Wave Large Region, the temples that had been built there during this period of time… trembled.

The high priest from the Black Heaven Race and all the Purple Moon believers sensed it. They knelt down excitedly and began to pray.

"Master of the Purple Moon, our lord, guide the Wanggu. Mourn for all living beings, and enjoy the paradise."

"Sacrificing our bodies for our lord, this life is not painful, with dawn and dusk as the curtain, our bodies remain incorruptible."

These countless voices augmented the Purple Moon and enveloped the Baize cultivator who was rushing toward Xu Qing, transforming into an even greater force. The instant he got close to Xu Qing, the scene on his body was completely pulled out, replacing the present!

The Baize cultivator paused in front of Xu Qing.

His eyes were wide open, filled with bitterness and confusion. At the next instant… Xu Qing's fourth god form's wings spread out and enveloped the Baize cultivator.

They tightened.

Blood flowed down the wings.

Two breaths later, when the wings slowly opened, pieces of flesh and blood splattered onto the ground.

This scene was none other than the scene of his death.

All around, there was silence.

However, Xu Qing frowned. He felt some regret as he gazed at the holy city.

A blurry figure emerged there and rapidly became clear. In the end, it transformed into the dead Baize cultivator. The moment he appeared, he spat out a mouthful of blood and wounds appeared on his body, revealing horror in his eyes.

His aura also uncontrollably decreased sharply. As he retreated, he continuously spat out blood.

As for the illusory world on his body, it had already disappeared.

His great world had died in his place, and his Dao had been severed.

In this life, he would not be able to advance any further and his cultivation would continue to fall.

In fact, if it wasn't for the rules of the holy city, he would have died at this moment.

"From the looks of it, Prince Mingnan might still be alive."

Xu Qing fell into deep thought.































































The sky became even redder.

In the holy city, numerous gazes and strands of divine sense gathered on Xu Qing. Shock, fright, complexity, and strangeness surfaced in them.

In the end, it turned into silence.

Xu Qing's attacks intimidated the surroundings and also proved his strength.

He had obtained first place in the first segment!

No one continued to fly out of the holy city to challenge.

Xu Qing's actions caused varying degrees of waves in everyone's hearts.

If Xu Qing attacked with a cultivator's abilities, it would be fine. However, he was using the power of a god.

This frightened many.

Although cultivators who had been in contact with gods for a long time might be able to display divine techniques, especially divine envoys,

it was still rare for someone to be like Xu Qing, pulling out the image of a fourth level Nihility cultivator dying in the future and replacing the present.

This was also the first time many cultivators had seen it in their lives.

As for the middle-aged cultivator of the Baize Race who had his death scene replaced, his miserable state was even more shocking.

At that moment, blood was still flowing out his mouth uncontrollably. His internal organs were all tearing and rotting, and his soul was also dispirited and dim. His state was irreversible.



The destroyed great world not only brought him a sharp decrease in his cultivation but also the withering of his life.

His body aged at a speed visible to the naked eye. It only stabilized after he retreated to 10,000 feet away and received the quick help of several Baize cultivators, but his cultivation reduced to second stage Nihility, and his appearance became old.

The aura of death from his entire body was dense and the meaning of his declining years was obvious. There was also a lingering fear that was very intense from his expression.

His heart churned. After escaping death, he recalled the battle earlier and was aware that he had already died once in that instant.

If this was the battlefield and he didn't have the protection of the Holy City's rules, he would still be facing death now.

This thought caused the lingering fear on his face to spread throughout his body and turn into trembling.

He instinctively avoided looking at Xu Qing who had turned his gaze here.

He was thoroughly intimidated.

Seeing this, Xu Qing retracted his gaze and stopped looking. However, he had already memorized the other party's aura and was prepared to find an opportunity to eliminate him completely in the future.

With this thought in mind, Xu Qing looked at the Si'e Race cultivator who was trapped by D132.

He walked over step by step.

With every step he took, the space under his feet stirred up waves, as though he was walking on water.

In D132, misfortune was descending. No matter what curses the Si'e Race cultivator used, it was useless.

All curses dissipated in misfortune. D132's divine authority had an extreme restraining effect on divine arts like curses.

The Si'e Race cultivator who was trapped inside was unable to escape.

He could only endure the gradual desolation and oblivion under the endless accumulation of misfortune.

Xu Qing's arrival sped up this process.

At that moment, he was already above D132. The purple moonlight from the fourth god form scattered down, enveloping D132 and about to augment it.

However, at this moment, the falling moonlight suddenly changed directions, gathering to form a purple light barrier in front of Xu Qing.

At the next instant, a finger stretched out from the void and landed on the barrier.

A light touch.

 Ripples appeared on the purple barrier and it turned white rapidly, refracting a jade-like luster. Finally, it transformed into… jade!

The luster of the jade rapidly spread across the barrier.

The entire process only lasted for the time of one breath before an arc-shaped jade barrier appeared in the air.

After losing the power of the Purple Moon, it fell to the ground.

It smashed into D132 and shattered into pieces. D132, which came into contact with it, also began to turn into jade.

This scene was extremely abrupt. Xu Qing didn't hesitate at all. The moonlight gathered in front of him and he retreated. He even lifted his right hand and pointed.

D132 instantly turned blurry and disappeared.

As for Xu Qing, who had retreated far away, his eyes gleamed. He lifted his head and stared at the area where the finger had appeared.

The void there also emitted the luster of jade. Amidst this light, a beautiful youth in a scholar's robe who looked somewhat similar to a human gradually appeared.

When he appeared fully, he smiled at Xu Qing.

"Those friends of mine have taken a fancy to you and want you to become one of them."

This youth's voice was gentle and without the slightest hint of anger. It was as though he was telling a fact and an immutable future. His gaze was also gentle and even contained a hint of closeness, as though he was looking at his own people.

Xu Qing wasn't moved and a dark glint flashed in his eyes.

Although this was the first time he had truly met this person, Xu Qing had seen this person in front of him in the Eldest Prince's jade slip.

The Eldest Prince's introduction of this person appeared in his mind.

"Fan Shishuang, at the third stage Nihility, ranks third. He possesses the combat strength of the perfected Nihility Realm. He even had the experience of fighting a life-and-

death battle with a foreign almighty who had just stepped into the Soul Accumulation Realm and successfully escaped without dying. He is the top talent within the jurisdiction of the Moon Flame High God."

Other than the introduction, when Xu Qing checked the jade slip in detail, he also saw the recordings of the other party's fights.

Anything that came into contact with him would become jade.

Fan Shishuang also had a habit. He liked to turn the cultivators who were hostile to him into jade dolls and keep them by his side.

"The great heaven's chosen of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven who surpasses Tuoshi Shan…"

A solemn feeling escalated in Xu Qing's heart. The instant the other party attacked earlier, he felt an intense life-and-death crisis, especially the jade transformation. He could sense the power of god on it.

Hence, his gaze swept across the surroundings. The figures of jade dolls wearing different clothes appeared in all directions.

They didn't move and only stared at Xu Qing.

"Why aren't you saying anything? Are you tacitly agreeing?"

Fan Shishuang smiled and sized up Xu Qing. The more he looked at him, the more satisfied he was.

"It's quite suitable to solidify your form into jade and turn it into a statue in my residence."

"I advise you not to struggle. It would be a pity if I accidentally destroyed your form."

"Also, you're not my match."

Fan Shishuang chuckled and lifted his right hand before swinging it slightly. His combat strength fluctuations at the perfected Nihility Realm surged into the sky. In an instant, the sky rumbled and the ground trembled.

There was also a storm that rose from his body, connecting the world.

The strong wind blew in all directions, causing the night sky to distort. One could vaguely see shooting stars streaking past. They were Dao marks.

At first, it was still fine, but very soon, the Dao marks became astonishing and there were more and more of them. In the end, they were so dense that they were almost connecting into one, turning into a meteor shower.

Xu Qing had never seen such an incomparable aura from any Nihility cultivators before. His eyes couldn't help but narrow.

There were also overlapping shadows that appeared in the sky, as though the gods and demons were coming together.

Every one of them looked real. They glared angrily at the ground and emitted a terrifying pressure.

This was the manifestation of the second stage of the Nihility, but Xu Qing had never heard of it turning into figures of gods and demons before.

Under normal circumstances, illusory bubbles formed by divine sense would appear at the third stage of Nihility. However, this wasn't the case for Fan Shishuang.

The illusory bubbles were not formed by his divine sense but by those figures of gods and demons

They embodied the origins of life and death. After they appeared, they fragmented and reformed, eventually converging to create a vast scene.

It was a super large world that covered the sky and affected the void. It was more than ten times larger than ordinary Nihility worlds.

Although it was also an illusion, it contained mountains and rivers, the sun and moon, and all living beings. It was like a real world that was continuously operating.

It was as though as long as this world was a little more realistic, it would be the Soul Accumulation.

As this scene appeared, the aura emitted by Fan Shishuang caused Xu Qing to become even more solemn. This aura… surpassed the Baize Race member from before by a large extent. It was like the comparison between a bright moon and a firefly.

Although they both showed perfected Nihility combat strength, the gap between them was extremely huge.

"It will be over in ten breaths."

Fan Shishuang smiled slightly and a hint of evilness appeared on his face. He then lifted his right hand and gently pressed toward Xu Qing.

With this push, shocking thunder rang out from the sky. Looking over, the sky actually emitted the luster of jade. Even the ground was the same. With Xu Qing as the center, everything in the vicinity and even above and below shone with jade light at this instant.

The moment this jade light was formed, it suddenly rolled back and surged toward Xu Qing.

A sense of danger continued to erupt in Xu Qing's heart. The piercing pain that caused all the flesh and blood in his body to tremble caused Xu Qing to feel as though he was facing a Soul Accumulation.

At this critical moment, Xu Qing took a deep breath and battle intent escalated in his eyes. He also wanted to know his limit and what was the difference between him and the third-

ranked heaven's chosen of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven.

He lifted his right hand and a layer of ripples spread out under his feet, as though it had turned into water. It was Fishing the Moon From the Well's opening move.

In the holy city, countless gazes and divine senses were also watching this battle. The meaning of this battle had changed with the appearance of Fan Shishuang.

However, the instant Xu Qing and Fan Shishuang were about to fight, the Divine Mountain trembled slightly.

With just a tremble, the sky collapsed and fragmented into pieces.

The ground cracked and turned into mud waves that surged.

Fan Shishuang's jade light instantly faded and was erased. His face didn't look evil anymore, it was filled with piety as he knelt down in front of the Divine Mountain.

He wasn't the only one. At that moment, almost all the cultivators in the holy city were panting and lowering their heads to bow to the Divine Mountain.

Xu Qing also couldn't use any divine arts. He followed the trend and bowed toward the Divine Mountain.

A sultry voice echoed through the heavens, pervading the earth, becoming a divine sound, and transforming into a decree in the minds of every cultivator.

"The first segment has just ended. I originally wanted to give you guys some time to rest and recuperate, but since you're all so energetic, there's no need for you to do so."

"The second segment of the Grand Hunt, the teleportation to the Mountains and Seas Region will begin immediately."

It was the voice of the Star Flame High God!































































While the voice carried an air of superiority, it also bore a hint of laziness, like an invisible hook that landed in the hearts of all cultivators, eliciting ripples layer by layer, making them feel tingling sensations from within.

This tingling sensation felt like their souls were being extracted, immersing them in an indescribable sense of pleasure.

Some whose willpower was insufficient immediately fainted, trembling all over, unable to bear even a hint of the divine voice.

Only the experts could barely suppress the ripples in their hearts. After all, reverence for gods was already engraved in the fate of the Flame Moon cultivators.

And this was only a natural release of power of the Star Flame High God, without any deliberate action on Her part.

Gods were like this.

Fortunately, a cold snort echoed amidst the sounds of the Star Flame and neutralized Her influence. It was like a basin of cold water that landed in everyone's hearts.

"Teleportation, activate!"

Everyone's hearts trembled as they recovered. As for the sky, it was accompanied by waves of lightning that descended on the mortal world.

The thunder grew louder and louder. In the end, it accumulated to the extreme and emitted the sound of the world being split open.

The world rumbled and the void stirred up huge waves that spread out in circles, forming a circular vortex.

This vortex spun rapidly, as though it had pushed aside layers of appearances, revealing a gorgeous, rainbow-colored irregular hole.

Looking up, one could see within this rainbow hole a vast expanse of mountains and rivers, where exotic flowers and rare herbs grew, and ferocious beasts roamed, resembling a primitive wilderness.

There were also waves of beast roars.



It was… the location for the second segment of the Grand Hunt, the Mountains and Seas Region.

At the next moment, rainbow light shot out from the vortex, forming countless wisps that landed on all the cultivators who were qualified for the second segment in the three holy cities.

The Eldest Prince, Tuoshi Shan, Qiu Quezi…

Even Xu Qing and Fan Shishuang, who were outside the city, were enveloped by the light. The moment they were enveloped by the light, the power of teleportation rose.

Three breaths later, the teleportation was activated!

The rainbow light flickered in the city. If one looked from the sky, they could clearly see rainbow flowers continuously blooming.

Every time it bloomed, someone would be teleported away. This teleportation was without a fixed coordinate. If some cultivators wanted to group, they could only do it in the Mountains and Seas Region.

Xu Qing also disappeared amidst the fluctuations of the rainbow light.

The successive teleportation of hundreds of thousands of cultivators caused the rainbow flowers to outline a beautiful scene.

It was as though the starry sky had landed on the ground.

A while later, as more cultivators were teleported, there were fewer rainbow flowers.

The Divine Mountain no longer shook. Only a chuckle from Star Flame echoed through the world.

…

The Mountains and Seas Region was shaped like a gourd, with no plains within it, only mountain ranges and endless rainforests.

This environment, combined with its constant temperature and centuries of isolation, had led to the creation of its own ecosystem, making it suitable for the habitation and reproduction of ferocious beasts.

Hence, there were all kinds of strange ferocious beasts.

Moreover, due to the extremely dense anomalous substances here, not only did ferocious beasts mutate, but vegetation also mutated.

The entire Mountains and Seas Region was more like a forbidden region.

It wasn't formed by the gaze of the fragmented-face of the god but by the three gods of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven.

Additionally, due to the perpetual isolation of this place, many species that were extinct elsewhere still existed here. Moreover, some ancient relics were better preserved here than in the outside world.

At this moment, deep within the rainforest in the upper ring of the Mountains and Seas Region, a black rotten tree was swaying its branches, dragging a white deer from afar.

 The white deer struggled, but to no avail, as vines pierced and entwined around its body, absorbing it as they wriggled.

The white deer could only emit a desperate cry for help, its voice pitiful, its eyes revealing an attachment to life, clearly expressing its will to survive.

White deers weren't common in the Mountains and Seas Region.

It often symbolized beauty, perhaps that's why it became prey, coupled with its relatively lower value compared to other animals, leading to its dwindling numbers.

However, its cries might have moved the heavens, as a rainbow light shone beside the rotting tree.

Soon, a figure in a black robe was revealed.

The moment the figure appeared, the rotting tree trembled and didn't dare to move. The white deer also trembled and instinctively stopped crying. However, its desire to survive made it let out a soft wail.

The figure that appeared beside the rotting tree turned his head when he heard this. He glanced at the white deer and walked over.

With two steps, he arrived in front of the wailing white deer and stared at it..

At a glance, the vines that were wrapped around the white deer disintegrated inch by inch and turned into ashes.

The man squatted down and lifted his hand, gently stroking the white deer's body. His movements were gentle.

Unfortunately, although there were no more vines, the white deer's injuries were too serious and it couldn't even stand up. It could only rely on its spirituality to reveal gratitude through its eyes.

However, the intense pain from its body caused it to involuntarily tremble and death was rapidly approaching it.

"It won't hurt anymore in a while."

The man spoke softly and his movements became gentler, comforting the white deer's heart. Its struggling movements decreased and the gratitude in its eyes increased. It even stuck out its tongue and licked the corner of the man's clothes.

At the next instant, after it completely relaxed, the black-robed man's hand gently pressed down on its neck and squeezed.

There was a cracking sound; the white deer's body shook for a bit before it died, painlessly.

The man slowly stood up and looked into the distance.

As the light from the sky scattered down through the gaps between the leaves above, his appearance gradually became clearer.

He was a young man, his long hair tied up in a bun on top of his head, with a black headband around his forehead.

Coupled with his black robe and black boots, everything about him exuded a chilling aura.

Vaguely, one could see some blurry red figures around him. They seemed to be formed by blood and emitted a dense smell of blood.

If a cultivator from the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven was here, they would be able to recognize this person at a glance.

This person was famous in the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race. He surpassed Tuoshi Shan and even Fan Shishuang.

Back then, when the Eldest Prince introduced the great heaven's chosens of Flame Moon to Xu Qing, he had emphasized this person.

Ji Dongzi was at the third stage of Nihility, ranked second, belonging to the jurisdiction of the Sun Flame High God.

He had a cold personality and was ruthless. When he attacked, he would definitely kill. More than ten nonhuman races were slaughtered by him and they were refined into blood disciples that accompanied him.

He had numerous methods, including an impressive record of holding his own against a Flame Moon Race Soul Accumulation captive. Although that captive was already at the end of his rope, he was still a Soul Accumulation cultivator…

Even Fan Shishuang was extremely wary of this youth. The two of them had fought three times, and every time… Fan Shishuang lost miserably.

This was especially so for the last time. If it wasn't for the mediation of this generation's Flame Mystic, Fan Wushuang might have lost his life.

Tuoshi Shan had also fought against Ji Dongzi, but was suppressed in just ten breaths of time.

And the thing Ji Dongzi was most unwilling to accept in his life was his failure to obtain the title of Flame Mystic. That was also the first time he had experienced a failure in his cultivation journey.

"When you are dead, it won't hurt anymore."

Ji Dongzi retracted his gaze from the distance and lowered his head to look at the white deer's corpse at his feet.

After that, he walked forward.

A few steps later, he seemed to have thought of something.

"Spread the word. If anyone sees Xu Qing, inform me of his whereabouts."

After giving the order, Ji Dongzi remained calm and continued on his way. For him, killing Xu Qing was simply a transaction prompted by King Mingnan, accompanied by promises and conditions.

It was just a casual matter; if he encountered Xu Qing, he would kill him, but if not, he wouldn't waste time personally searching for him.

As for the difficulty, for him, other than Flame Mystic, who he wasn't confident of killing, anyone else of this generation would be easy to kill.

As he moved forward, the blood figures around him bowed. Some of them disappeared to spread the news.

As for the remaining blood figures, they followed him into the distance.

At the same time, in the upper ring of the Mountains and Seas Region, near the central area of the region, in the rainforest, Xu Qing was stealthily moving forward.

He was cautious and didn't emit any aura. Xu Qing was also very used to the rainforest and the anomalous substances here.

He liked such an environment.

During this teleportation, the captain wasn't by his side. However, Xu Qing wasn't worried about the captain.

According to his understanding of the captain, the other party must have a way to enter the Mountains and Seas Region.

"Although Eldest Senior Brother said that he had prepared shanchi for me… I can't place all my hopes on him."

Firstly, he had given up on the Jiuli Forbidden that was located in the middle of the upper and lower rings.

Since no one had successfully subdued this legendary Flame Moon Holy Beast over the countless years, Xu Qing didn't think that he was special.

Therefore, rather than wasting time with the Jiuli, it was better to search for other things.

"I will search for a shanchi!"

A dark glint emerged in Xu Qing's eyes. This choice could allow him to meet up with the captain as soon as possible. At the same time, it could also increase his chances of obtaining a shanchi.

Hence, the description of the shanchi's activity area in the jade slip he had seen emerged in his mind.

"It's in the northwestern area of the lower ring."

"Then, first, I have to identify which area this place belongs to."

Xu Qing's body swayed and with the enhancement of his speed, he instantly disappeared from the rainforest.

Time passed, and three days went by. Utilizing the habitats of various ferocious beasts, Xu Qing, under observation, roughly determined his position based on some ferocious beasts encountered along the way.

With the direction, his pace became even faster as he moved toward the central area of the upper and lower rings.

"At this speed, I'll reach the central area in five days. I'll encircle around the edge of the Jiuli Forbidden and head to the territory of shanchi. It should take about half a month."

"In the Mountains and Seas Region, the slaughtering and rivalry will be even more direct… And that Fan Shishuang!"

Xu Qing's expression was gloomy. If the second segment hadn't been activated in advance, the battle between him and Fan Shishuang would have erupted.

Xu Qing was very alert against Fan Shishuang. Among the opponents he had encountered in his life, there weren't many who he didn't have confidence in winning against. Fan Shishuang was one of them.































































Being vigilant, Xu Qing didn't speed through the sky. Instead, he moved forward in the rainforest, using the environment of the rainforest to hide his tracks.

He also released the Diamond Sect's ancestor to scout the way.

Just like that, five days passed.

In these five days, he saw some other participants. Xu Qing remembered some of them challenging him before.

However, he wasn't in the mood to care too much. Before the other party noticed, he had already left.

He encountered many ferocious beasts in this jungle, whether perched on tree branches or hidden in the mud, they were countless.

There were also some bizarre creatures. For example, a mountain suddenly trembled and rose from the ground, turning into a giant with a large number of arms. It strode past Xu Qing.

There were suns with legs, running hand in hand.

There were even centipedes singing songs, and mushrooms bouncing along after seeing Xu Qing.

There were also strange creatures that looked like trees, but were actually noses sleeping within the earth.

Even the wind, when it emerged, made Xu Qing's eyes widen in realization. The wind… though seemingly invisible, was substantial, just transparent.

If it wasn't for Xu Qing's sharp perception, he might have directly collided with it.

There were also many other eerie and bizarre creatures, such as flying skulls, walking skeletons, and the chilling songs left in their wake.

Some had form, and some were intangible.

Xu Qing felt that this Mountains and Seas Region was like a different world. The abilities and appearances of the ferocious beasts here subverted his understanding.



There were giant headless beasts, flowing hair dancing in the mud, and ruined temples exuding a dangerous aura, as well as faceless skeletal figures carrying stone tablets on their backs.

At this moment, Xu Qing leaped over a sea of flowers within the rainforest.

This colorful sea of flowers moved across the ground, forming waves that engulfed and consumed everything in their path—every plant, every creature, all becoming part of the flower sea.

Upon closer inspection, it could be seen that this so-called flower sea was actually comprised of colorful toads. Each jump they made created ripples and waves.

But the most terrifying aspect of this flower sea was its core—a damaged statue carried by countless toads.

The statue depicted a bare-chested male figure with four heads, all of them closed-eyed. One hand cradled a baby to its chest, while the other rested on its chin.

Waves of soft snoring spread out as the flower sea moved.

As for its broken parts, it only had half of its torso, and each of the four heads had some degree of damage, particularly the baby cradled in its arm.

Xu Qing observed from afar, his heart skipping a beat. This was the seventeenth statue he had seen in the past five days, each one different but giving him the same sense of danger.

It was the same as those broken halls of the Divine Palace.

These statues were also damaged and none of them were intact. There were even some that looked like they had been cut into pieces.

The one in front of him could be considered well-preserved.

"What exactly happened in the Mountains and Seas Region many years ago…"

"So many temples, so many damaged statues…"

A strange feeling rose in Xu Qing's heart. He circled around the sea of flowers and pondered as he moved in the predetermined direction. However, after he sped for another fifteen minutes, Xu Qing's expression suddenly changed. He retreated abruptly and quickly rose into the air.

Almost at the instant he left his original location, the void in the area he was in earlier exploded, revealing a huge black hole.

It wasn't that this black hole suddenly appeared for no reason. The reason for its formation came from the ground.

In the rainforest and in the swamp, there was a broken statue of a god that was 100,000 feet long lying there. Its body was shattered and incomplete, but its head remained relatively intact, especially the area around the mouth, which showed no signs of damage.

Moreover, it was breathing.

Every time it breathed, a black hole would appear in the air.

 At the same time, it also emitted a deterrence from the level of life.

Even though Xu Qing's cultivation was extraordinary and his combat strength was astonishing, coupled with the fact that he had the god form, he was still shaken by this aura and had no choice but to circle around it.

At the same time, the trembling voice of the god's finger rang out from D132's body.

"Here… here…"

Xu Qing's heart stirred.

"Continue."

The god's finger trembled as It spoke in a low voice.

"Gods have died here before. Not just a few gods, but many gods… Heavens, why didn't I know about this? I've never heard of it."

"Is it possible that when your original form descended, you were always in a state of slumber, and later when you split apart, you were still suppressed and asleep…"

The Diamond Sect's ancestor flew over from afar and transmitted his divine sense.

The god's finger fell silent. It wanted to say something but It knew that the other party's status in Xu Qing's heart was probably higher than It. Hence, It scoffed inwardly, but didn't refute.

Xu Qing didn't care about the Diamond Sect's ancestor's words. He recalled the broken statues he had seen on the way and looked at this rainforest. His eyes slowly narrowed as he took a deep breath.

The air here seemed normal but for Xu Qing, who was well-

versed in pharmacology, he still caught a faint scent of blood inside.

It came from the silt, from plants, from rocks, from the world…

It was as though everything in this world was emitting a bloody stench.

"There has been a great battle… and many gods have died. So, who were the gods' opponents?"

Xu Qing only knew one side of the story. He didn't know the details, so he lacked clues to form an answer.

He swept his gaze across the huge statue on the ground and circled around it. Just as he was about to speed up, a whistling sound rang out from the distant horizon, and seven to eight rainbows appeared. Just like Xu Qing, they intended to circle around the huge statue.

Hence, they saw Xu Qing.

Xu Qing also saw them clearly.

Among these seven to eight people, there was the Flame Moon Race and other affiliated races. There was also a Si'e Race member among them. Clearly, they were a temporary team.

After seeing Xu Qing clearly, the expressions of these seven or eight individuals changed instantly. Instinctively, they backed away, maintaining silence for a few breaths. The leading Flame Moon cultivator bowed to Xu Qing from a distance before swiftly changing direction and flying away.

The hearts of the followers behind him also trembled and they bowed one after another. The gaze of the Si'e Race member flickered for a moment before he quickly lowered his head and chose to greet Xu Qing like the others.

They had seen Xu Qing's battle outside the holy city previously, and it had caused huge waves in their hearts. Hence, when they encountered him now, they didn't dare to get close.

Xu Qing's cold gaze swept over. When he sensed that the other side hadn't obtained any mutated beasts, he wasn't interested in attacking. His body swayed and he left for his destination.

Sensing that Xu Qing had disappeared, this group of cultivators who were rapidly moving away heaved a sigh of relief. They looked at each other and noticed the hesitation in their expressions.

However, the Si'e Race cultivator didn't hesitate at all. He immediately took out a voice transmission jade slip and was about to transmit his voice.

However, the instant he grabbed the voice transmission jade slip, a cold voice rang out from the void beside him.

"What are you doing?"

As soon as this voice rang out, the expressions of the seven to eight cultivators changed drastically, especially the Si'e Race cultivator. He gasped and instinctively wanted to transmit his voice into the jade slip, but it was too late.

A hand stretched out from beside him and grabbed his palm. With a slight squeeze, it crushed his hand and the jade slip inside, mixing flesh, blood, and jade fragments together.

The heart-rending scream brought about by the intense pain rang out from the mouth of the Si'e Race cultivator. Xu Qing, who was in his god form, walked out of the void and strangled the Si'e Race cultivator's neck.

The hearts of the other cultivators in the surroundings trembled and they immediately retreated. However, they couldn't retreat too far. The blood tentacles that spread out from Xu Qing's body had already landed in front of them one by one.

It was as though if they traveled even a little, their foreheads would be instantly penetrated.

They stopped and looked at Xu Qing in horror.

"When others see me, it's understandable for them to bow. However, it's a little strange for you, a Si'e Race cultivator, to bow to me… Also, there's something wrong with your gaze, and I remember you challenging me before."

Xu Qing calmly spoke.

Xu Qing was meticulous. Although he had left earlier, this small suspicious point still made him vigilant. Hence, he returned to take a look.

In the end, he saw the scene of the other party wanting to transmit his voice.

"Tell me, who were you going to send the information to?" Xu Qing calmly spoke.

Panic appeared in the eyes of the Si'e Race cultivator. Just as he was about to speak, the cultivator from the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven suddenly spoke.

"Fellow Daoist Xu, let me tell you!"

"Ji Dongzi spread the news five days ago to search for your traces, and transmit your location if anyone sees you…"

"This practitioner of the Si'e Race must be trying to inform Ji Dongzi."

'This cultivator from the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven was a smart person. He didn't want to be implicated by this Si'e Race cultivator who had a death wish. He additionally knew that Xu Qing was decisive in killing. Hence, he understood that if that Si'e Race cultivator took the initiative to answer, his life and death would be decided by Xu Qing's thought.

If he said it first, the possibility of survival would increase greatly.

The other cultivators also reacted and spoke one after another.

Xu Qing glanced at the practitioner in his hand. Noticing the other party's panicked aura, he had an answer. He clenched his hand and with a cracking sound, the cultivator's body and spirit were destroyed.

At the same time, the hearts of the others additionally trembled. They all fell silent and looked at Xu Qing in fear.

Xu Qing's gaze swept past them. He then released the Poison Restriction and planted it into them.

These few people sensed it and their faces turned pale.

"Come and find me to detoxify the poison after the second segment ends."

Xu Qing calmly spoke. With a sway of his body, he disappeared without a trace.

All the cultivators, including the practitioner from the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven, fell silent. However, they had no choice but to leave bitterly.

After they had traveled far away, Xu Qing appeared again. He then frowned.

"Ji Dongzi?"































































Although Xu Qing had never seen Ji Dongzi with his own eyes, he still had some understanding of this cultivator through the Eldest Prince's introduction.

"Ranked second among the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race's heaven's chosens!"

Xu Qing's expression was solemn. He felt that if he fought with all his might, he could reach a draw with Fan Shishuang, who was ranked third.

However, such a battle would definitely consume a lot of his energy. He would need a long time to recover in the future, so it was not conducive to the second segment.

Even with the purple crystal to heal his injuries, the consumption of divine sources and the loss of soul threads would take a long time to replenish.

Ji Dongzi had fought with Fan Shishuang three times and won easily every time. Xu Qing recalled the content of the jade slip and knew that if Flame Mystic hadn't interfered, Ji Dongzi would have killed Fan Shishuang.

Xu Qing knew very well that he wasn't a match for such combat strength.

At the end of the day, his foundation was still relatively insufficient.

As for the reasons behind the other party spreading the news and searching for his whereabouts, it wasn't important. The fact remained as it was, and there were too many reasons that could be speculated upon.

Hence, after Xu Qing pondered for a while, he moved even more cautiously, focusing even more on his concealment.

He didn't want to encounter this person before he obtained a mutated beast. Engaging in a life-and-death battle was one matter, and having his own plans disrupted was another.

"I'm still ten days away from my destination…"

In the rainforest, Xu Qing mumbled inwardly as he shuttled over.



Just like that, time flowed by and very soon, another five days passed.

During these five days, Xu Qing did his best to hide his tracks. If he saw any Flame Moon cultivators, he would stay far away and not get close. He also hid and waited for the other party to leave before appearing.

However, sometimes, the development of things was beyond one's will. Other than cultivators, there were also a large number of ferocious beasts and bizarre creatures with terrifying strength in this Mountains and Seas Region.

For the latter, Xu Qing had his shadow and could evade or intimidate them to a certain extent. However, for the former… it depended on luck.

It was impossible for his luck to remain high forever. On the fifth day, at the intersection of the upper and lower rings of the Mountains and Seas Region, near the area of the Jiuli Forbidden, Xu Qing encountered a group of mountain sparrows whistling overhead in the sky.

After seeing them, Xu Qing didn't hesitate to evade them.

The so-called mountain sparrows referred to sparrows that carried mountains on their backs.

They were enormous in size and moved with mountains on their backs. Therefore, in the eyes of cultivators, what they often saw first was the mountain peaks whistling through the sky, similar to cultivators moving the mountains in the first segment.

Moreover, these ferocious beasts lived in groups and hunted together in large numbers.

They possessed formidable strength, and the ones venturing out were usually all adults, with their combat prowess ranging from the first stage Nihility to perfected Nihility.

There were a lot of them… Hence, for the participants in the second segment, they were a headache.

This was because the mountain sparrow's diet was very wide. Other than ferocious beasts, it liked devouring cultivators even more.

What Xu Qing encountered now was a group of mountain sparrows that had gone out to hunt. With their strange innate ability, they instantly sensed Xu Qing's traces and suddenly turned in the air, rushing toward Xu Qing.

Xu Qing frowned but his gaze swept past the group of at least a hundred mountain sparrows. He fell silent for a moment before fleeing at full speed.

The world rumbled. The pursuit of the mountain sparrows formed an astonishing energy fluctuation that spread in all directions. They emitted sharp cries, as though they were summoning their companions.

A cold glint flashed in Xu Qing's eyes and his eyes instantly turned pitch-black. The Purple Moon rose, forming a deterrence, causing the mountain sparrows that were chasing to pause.

Taking advantage of this time, Xu Qing fled even faster. However, the mountain sparrows in the sky and the fluctuations they emitted still attracted the attention of the nearby cultivators who were passing by.

The expressions of these cultivators changed and they quickly escaped, not daring to get close. There were also two Si'e Race members among them. When they saw the mountain sparrows from afar, they were shocked. After that, their expressions changed and they took out jade slips at the same time.

It was a special jade slip. It was purple in color and was currently shining.

After these two checked, they quickly retreated. At the same time, they gritted their teeth and were about to transmit their voices.

However, at the next instant, the wind whistled and a black fog appeared out of thin air, enveloping the two of them. The Poison Restriction erupted and mournful wails echoed. Very soon, the fog dissipated, leaving only black blood and storage bags scattered on the ground.

On the ground, Xu Qing's figure flashed. He grabbed the storage bags and the two special jade slips and sped up without turning his head.

 However, his brows were tightly furrowed.

He had killed the two Si'e Race cultivators and because of the speed at which he killed them, they didn't have time to spread the news, but the two purple jade slips gave him a very bad feeling.

"The guidance formed by the blood of the Purple Moon believers and curse arts…"

Xu Qing only needed a glance to sense the principles behind these two jade slips.

He crushed the jade slips. He had a faint feeling that there might be no more need for anyone to spread his whereabouts.

Xu Qing didn't believe that such a jade slip that was specifically made to track him didn't have the effect of sending messages on its own.

"However, it's also possible that I'm thinking too much. There are still five days before I reach my destination."

Xu Qing narrowed his eyes and lifted his head to look in the direction of the Jiuli Forbidden.

He was not far from the edge of the Jiuli Forbidden.

The entire Jiuli Forbidden was filled with a dense gray fog that couldn't be penetrated by the sunlight. The fog inside slowly churned, giving one the feeling of an old man in his twilight years.

From time to time, they would transform into pained faces that let out soundless cries in the surroundings, forming ripples in the void.

Vaguely, there seemed to be blurry scenes forming inside, but they couldn't be seen clearly or remembered.

Only roars filled with despair and madness echoed gloomily from the depths of the fog.

The voices entered one's mind and shook one's soul, causing one to involuntarily tremble. Instinctively, unease and reverence rose.

This was especially so for Xu Qing's divine sources. It actually felt like they were being suppressed. It was as though a god's power was incompatible with this place.

As for the situation in the fog, it was filled with mystery.

"Jiuli Forbidden…"

Xu Qing mumbled.

Although he couldn't see the specific terrain and details, he could sense a sense of oppression through his perception. As the decaying wind blew from the route of Jiuli, it clearly landed in Xu Qing's heart.

More wind landed on Xu Qing's body, lifting his hair.

In this wind, his hair showed signs of withering, as though some of its life force had been plundered at this instant.

This scene caused Xu Qing to be even more wary of the Jiuli Forbidden.

By now, he had seen too many forbidden zones and also visited a few forbidden regions.

However, this place was completely different from the places he had been to before.

"This place is more like a tomb."

Xu Qing's gaze was deep as he took a closer look. Only then did he retract his gaze and continue to move stealthily in the direction of sanchi's territory.

At the same time, he transmitted his voice to Eldest Senior Brother.

During this period, he would attempt this every day. However, because the distance was too far, the information he transmitted seemed to not have been sent, and there was no response.

Xu Qing shook his head and put away the voice transmission jade slip before flying away.

A day later, at the edge of the area near the lower ring, rumbling sounds echoed and fog lingered. The figures of Si'e Race cultivators wanted to rush out of the fog but in the end, they still turned into blood.

When the fog dissipated, Xu Qing walked out.

Behind him were dozens of cultivators of the Si'e Race.

Xu Qing turned his head and glanced at the melting corpses behind him with a gloomy expression.

He had been ambushed when he passed by this place earlier.

The other party seemed to be able to accurately grasp his whereabouts. Moreover, they didn't care about their lives at all. When they saw him appear, they used all kinds of destructive methods.

There were even some who self-destructed like lunatics.

In Xu Qing's opinion, their goal wasn't to kill but to stall for time.

Most importantly, each of them had a special purple jade slip.

"My judgment isn't wrong…"

Xu Qing fell silent. He then lifted his head and looked in the route of his destination.

He still needed four days to arrive there.

"These people are stalling for time like this. This means that there's a high chance that Ji Dongzi isn't far away."

"In the next four days… it should be very difficult for things to go smoothly. Moreover, my tracks have been locked onto. Even if I successfully enter the sanchi's territory, there will still be huge hidden dangers in the future. There's not much meaning."

"I have to think of a way to deal with Ji Dongzi and completely avoid detection."

"Otherwise, if this continues, the troubles will never end."

Xu Qing fell silent. He was very clear that some things needed to be prepared in advance. Only then could he grasp the opportunity to reverse the situation at the instance of life and death.

Hence, after some thought, his gaze moved away from the route of sanchi's territory and looked at the Jiuli Forbidden that he had passed by.

That place was the restricted area of the Mountains and Seas Region. It was only a day's journey away from where he was.

Xu Qing fell silent for a instance as he stared at the Jiuli Forbidden. Determination appeared in his eyes.

"In terms of combat strength, there's a high chance that I'm inferior to Ji Dongzi. However, in terms of survival…"

Xu Qing sensed the purple crystal and his core calmed down. With a sway of his body, he changed his route and sped toward the Jiuli Forbidden.

Xu Qing's judgment wasn't wrong. Four hours after he left, a rainbow whistled over from the distant sky with a disdainful aura.

It instantly arrived at the location where Xu Qing was previously. The rainbow dissipated and transformed into a figure.

It was Ji Dongzi.

He stood on the ground and glanced at the place where the Si'e Race cultivators had died. After that, he closed his eyes and sensed.

"In the route of Jiuli?"

Ji Dongzi calmly spoke.

"He's not stupid. However… the possibility of escaping from me is very small."

Ji Dongzi's expression was cold. He took a step forward and the sound of air breaking rang out. His figure seemed to be able to lock onto Xu Qing's tracks as he gave chase.

Just like that, one rushed forward while the other gave chase. Six hours later, Xu Qing's expression changed and he abruptly turned his head.

As he looked at the horizon, the clouds and fog exploded and the void churned. A blood light swept in all directions and connected the world, rumbling toward him like an avalanche.

In the sea of blood, he could see a black figure coldly looking at him.































































A sea of blood filled the sky.

From afar, it was as though doomsday had descended.

As the sea of blood churned, the black-clothed figure inside appeared high and mighty, emitting an extremely powerful aura.

Compared to him, Xu Qing's aura in the rainforest was clearly inferior. At the same time, a huge pressure descended in Xu Qing's mind.

Every inch of flesh in his body was trembling. An intense warning transmitted over from the Heavenly Dao.

Strong, extremely strong!

This was the strongest heaven's chosen Xu Qing had encountered so far.

Regardless of whether it was Tuoshi Shan or Fan Shishuang, Xu Qing had never had such a strong sense of being outmatched. He could fight the former and he had the ability to be on par with the latter. However, Xu Qing was very clear that he wasn't Ji Dongzi's match.

Hence, he retreated and circulated all his cultivation base. Countless soul threads erupted from his body and instantly formed the fourth god form.

It was completed in an instant and he retreated again.

"Although you're quick-witted, you've already lost the qualifications to survive after seeing me."

In the sky, Ji Dongzi calmly spoke. He then lifted his right hand and pressed toward Xu Qing.

With this push, the sea of blood that covered the sky in the surroundings instantly churned violently and expanded to a range of 500 kilometers. It was like a real sea as it swept toward Xu Qing.

Wherever it passed, the void shattered and the world rumbled. With Xu Qing as the center, the rainforest in a radius of 500 kilometers trembled. All the vegetation was illuminated with blood color and the ground turned into blood mud.

All life forms within 500 kilometers wailed. No matter what form they had, be it ferocious beasts or bizarre entities, they instantly turned into blood. Strands of blood rose into the air and connected to the incoming blood sea.



From afar, countless streams of blood rose into the air, seemingly turning this place into a cage of blood.

There were also a large number of blood figures hidden in this sea of blood. They looked at Xu Qing greedily and let out sharp cries as they pounced over.

Ji Dongzi's attacks seemed to seal all escape paths.

The feeling of life-and-death crisis erupted even more intensely in Xu Qing's mind at this moment. His expression was gloomy and he sensed that his escape routes had been sealed, so he decided not to retreat anymore. His fourth god form's divine source spread out and anomalous substances soared, blurring the surroundings.

A voice that was like a god's murmur rang out from Xu Qing's mouth.

"Blood!"

The instant this word echoed through the world, the blood sea that was pressing down on him suddenly trembled. The blood that rose into the air from the rainforest also paused and began to distort.

A huge pulling force arrived out of thin air as Xu Qing's blood authority was unleashed. It guided this sea of blood into forming a vortex that belonged to Xu Qing.

Once it was formed, this sea of blood would be controlled by Xu Qing.

"Not a bad authority. Then what's your limit?"

Ji Dongzi calmly spoke. He then waved his hand again; immediately, the sea of blood erupted. All the blood figures inside roared in unison and melted.

A terrifying scene was reflected in Xu Qing's eyes, causing waves in his heart.

There were thousands of blood figures in the blood sea. After each blood figure melted, it would form a large amount of blood that fused into the blood sea, causing it to be even more astonishing.

In the blink of an eye, after over a hundred blood shadows melted, the range of the blood sea soared to 3,000 kilometers and continued.

3,500, 4,000, 4,500… until 5,000 kilometers.

The sea of blood that stretched for thousands of kilometers stirred up a monstrous intent. Just the aura it emitted formed an aura of extermination. Even though Xu Qing had the authority of blood, the sea of blood that soared still made him feel pressure.

This was especially so since 5,000 kilometers wasn't the end.

As more blood figures melted and fused into the blood sea, it expanded to 10,000 kilometers, 15,000, 20,000…

Finally, after the thousands of blood figures melted, this sea of blood had reached an incomparably terrifying 50,000 kilometers.

The affected rainforest was the same.

 50,000 kilometers was an extremely large range. It was as though it had really replaced the sky and was falling toward Xu Qing. Moreover, during this process, it was still expanding.

Xu Qing trembled as he felt his limit. His body became unstable and he felt a tearing pain in his soul.

At this critical moment, Xu Qing's battle instincts played a key role. Determination appeared in his eyes as he gathered the blood authority from its scattered state and condensed it outside his body, forming a blood light. It spun and transformed into a vortex.

In the vortex, his body transformed into blood and scattered.

Since he couldn't resist it, he chose to fuse into it.

At the same time, the 50,000-kilometer-long blood sea in the sky landed on the ground.

The rumbling sound spread out to a range of more than 500,000 kilometers. A large number of Flame Moon Mystic Heaven cultivators in this range sensed it and their hearts trembled as they turned their heads to look into the distance.

They were all shocked.

The rainforest under the sea of blood was completely destroyed. All the vegetation, ferocious beasts, and bizarre entities perished in unison. The ground caved in before being filled up with the sea of blood.

The 50,000-kilometer-long sea of blood transformed the terrain. As it churned continuously, drops of blood rapidly rose into the air and gathered together, forming Xu Qing's body.

As soon as he appeared, he spat out a mouthful of blood. His face was pale and his god form had shattered as he rapidly retreated.

Although he chose to use the integration method to resolve the crisis at the final moment, the huge difference in strength between them still caused Xu Qing to be heavily injured.

"You only amount to this much."

A cold voice rang out from the void in front of Xu Qing.

What reflected in Xu Qing's eyes was a finger that appeared out of thin air. It carried the power of extermination as it pressed down on him.

Even though he was at an absolute disadvantage, Xu Qing remained calm. He was well aware that his every move must have purpose. If he panicked even a little, the consequences would be dire.

His eyes turned pitch-black. The power of the Poison Restriction erupted in all directions, forming endless black fog that invaded the finger that had appeared.

Black spots immediately appeared on that finger, showing signs of rotting.

However, at the next moment, a second finger appeared in another direction and also pressed toward Xu Qing.

Seven lumps of underworld fire rose in Xu Qing's body and were extinguished one by one. It was none other than the Seven Lanterns Underworld Fire Curse.

As they were extinguished, the second finger also began to decay.

Xu Qing retreated even faster.

A soft cry of surprise echoed at this moment. Clearly, Xu Qing's successive attacks had surprised Ji Dongzi.

"Interesting."

After a soft exclamation of surprise, a light laugh rang out. After that, what appeared in front of Xu Qing was no longer a finger but a blood-red, complete palm!

Its aura was violent and much stronger than before. There was also an irresistible feeling that rose from within, suppressing the mind.

In fact, it even had the power of the Soul Accumulation!

It ignored the Poison Restriction and the underworld fire curse and landed in front of Xu Qing, replacing everything in his eyes.

The feeling of life and death was unprecedented!

Xu Qing wanted to resist but it was difficult for him to hold on. His body trembled and his god form directly collapsed, transforming into countless soul threads that rolled back and quickly gathered. However, it still collapsed.

It collapsed once, then again, and again.

When the soul threads couldn't gather and spread in all directions, it revealed Xu Qing's main body with his eyes closed.

As for Ji Dongzi's palm, it passed through the soul threads and was about to press down on Xu Qing's main body.

Xu Qing's eyes suddenly opened, revealing purple pupils.

He had been waiting for this moment. Everything before was to weaken the enemy to a certain extent.

A purple moon distorted and appeared between Xu Qing and Ji Dongzi's palm.

That wasn't an illusory moon but a real existence. At first, it was very small but it rapidly expanded. One could see a stone stele on it and the names of a large number of believers.

At this moment, in the Black Spirit Region, countless temples of the Purple Lord trembled. Countless believers were worshiping. The power of faith gathered and formed purple light that shone in front of Ji Dongzi in the Mountains and Seas Region.

His hand directly turned purple and his momentum paused for a moment. He wanted to withdraw his palm, but it was too late. The rapidly expanding purple moon suddenly rushed forward and pressed down on his palm with great force.

It instantly came into contact with the hand and pushed it back continuously.

The ripples spread out, outlining the figure of Ji Dongzi, who was hiding in the void behind the palm.

This figure rapidly materialized and revealed a surprised expression. Just as he was about to continue attacking, the purple moonlight erupted in the next instant, dyeing his entire body red.

At the same time, the soul threads that had scattered earlier rushed over from all directions. Their target wasn't Xu Qing but Ji Dongzi.

Millions of soul threads surrounded him, forming a binding force.

All of this took a long time to describe but in reality, it happened in the blink of an eye. The moment Ji Dongzi was bombarded by the purple moon and entangled by the soul threads, the killing intent in Xu Qing's eyes was intense. He raised his right hand and grabbed at Ji Dongzi.

The surroundings trembled and ripples appeared in the world, as though it had changed into a well.

The well water fluctuated, reflecting all of Ji Dongzi's spells, as well as all the fragments of his past and future. It also included Ji Dongzi's soul!

This also contained all of Ji Dongzi's unknown secrets.

For example, soul… When Xu Qing saw it, his eyes narrowed.

Ji Dongzi's soul wasn't just one wisp but a total of 97 wisps!

Inside each wisp was a golden divine tablet.

On the 97 divine tablets, there were 97 figures carved. Their appearances were different but they all emitted the presence of gods.

This scene caused Xu Qing's heart to tremble.

This was because those divine tablets depicted 97 gods!

One of them was the skeletal statue Xu Qing had seen in the rainforest previously!

Xu Qing felt that Ji Dongzi was more like a vessel to contain the divine tablets!

Xu Qing didn't know if this was a ritual or not, but he instinctively thought of what the Fifth Prince had stated in the Human Emperor's Hall!

"The anomalous substances in the Flame Moon Region have increased by three times compared to the previous year. After King Zhen Yan paid attention to them, he stated that it's suspected that… the Flame Moon is planning to welcome a fourth god!"































































Ji Dongzi was already filled with extreme shock.

He had never seen such a divine ability before and had never felt a similar feeling. However, he could clearly sense the vastness of the water waves that appeared around him.

This was also the first time a life-and-death crisis appeared in his heart.

At the same time, he also sensed that he had lost all mobility at this instant. His body couldn't move at all and his cultivation seemed to have frozen. Everything was still.

In addition, he was suppressed by the purple moon and entangled by the soul threads. This made it difficult for him to use anything even if he had the ability to overturn the sky and sea.

Only his thoughts could still move.

What made his mind rumble even more was that all his secrets had been revealed.

The water under his feet reflected everything, including what he had cultivated all his life.

All his secrets, everything, regardless of whether it was illusory arts or real things, appeared on the surface of the water.

He instantly determined that… if he was injured in the water, it would definitely affect his main body.

This premonition made him attempt to struggle. However, at this moment, all his actions were useless.

His body in the water swayed even more.

The feeling of life and death became increasingly intense.

As for Xu Qing, a strange glint appeared in his eyes.



Through Fishing the Moon From the Well divine power, he obtained an unexpected discovery.

And this was Ji Dongzi's foundation!

Clearly, this was also where his strength as the second among the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven's heaven's chosens lay.

97 divine tablets, 97 carvings of fallen gods!

What he saw and felt caused Xu Qing's heart to freeze.

However, he was aware that now wasn't the time to guess and analyze. Hence, after a glance, he didn't hesitate at all. He raised his right hand and grabbed fiercely.

"The realm of heaven and earth can be likened to a well…"

Xu Qing's voice, as if across the years, and as if spreading underwater, echoed throughout this vast expanse of sky and earth.

Every word contained Dao intent. After it was combined, it transformed into a drop of water that activated a mysterious Dao Art and landed on the surface of the water.

Ripples spread out on the water surface, distorting Ji Dongzi's figure and the 97 wisps of souls.

This ripple formed a large hand that grabbed at the 97 wisps of souls!

Xu Qing wanted to fish out everything!

Ji Dongzi's mind rumbled as an intense feeling of tearing erupted in his heart. The 97 wisps of his soul in the water shook one after another.

As Xu Qing increased the amount of force he used to fish them out, they slowly got closer to the surface of the water. They were about to be fished out by Xu Qing.

However, at this moment, the divine tablets in the 97 wisps of souls suddenly flickered with a piercing golden light. The gods carved in the totems seemed to have come alive and opened Their eyes in unison.

Their golden pupils stared at Xu Qing.

Xu Qing's heart instantly stirred. Although they were separated by the water, the gazes of the 97 gods instantly caused his body to mutate.

Countless flesh buds grew out in a disorderly manner and the tearing of his soul also rose crazily. His body was about to collapse.

At the same time, in the water, the huge repulsive force emitted by the 97 gods also affected the well of heaven and earth, causing Xu Qing's fishing to fail for the first time!

At this moment, the struggle grew increasingly intense on Ji Dongzi.

Xu Qing's expression was solemn. The divine sources in his body spread out and he used all his strength to suppress his state. At the same time, his eyes narrowed.

 He had two guesses about these 97 divine tablets.

The first guess was that this was some kind of ritual.

Since he couldn't fish out everything now, going all out to fish out a wisp would definitely destroy this ritual.

The second guess was that among these 97 wisps of souls, there should be a wisp that was Ji Dongzi's life soul.

If he could fish out this soul, it would form a killing technique.

However, the difficulty was too great and time didn't allow him to screen them one by one.

A cold glint flashed in Xu Qing's eyes as he quickly swept his gaze across the 97 wisps of souls. With his intuition, he stared at one wisp and lifted his right hand again. He used all the power of Fishing the Moon From the Well to target only that wisp of soul.

He scooped it up.

One could see an illusory large hand appearing on the surface of the water. No matter how the surface of the water fluctuated, it couldn't be stopped. It entered the water and enveloped the wisp of soul before suddenly lifting it up.

The sound of water echoed, accompanied by the furious roars from the other 96 wisps of souls. This hand formed by Xu Qing's divine art began to collapse.

The struggle from the divine soul itself and the rejection from the other souls caused Xu Qing's large hand to be unable to pull the wisp of soul out of the water.

Seeing that it was about to collapse, Xu Qing took a deep breath and lifted his right foot, stepping fiercely on the surface of the water.

With a boom, the water surface immediately churned. All the water currents surged toward Xu Qing's collapsing hand and rapidly fused into it, slowing its collapse.

As for the well of heaven and earth, it started to dissipate as it replenished Xu Qing's large hand.

The large hand continued to collapse and replenish!

In the end, before it completely disintegrated, Ji Dongzi's 97th soul was pulled out of the water by Xu Qing.

The moment he held it in his hand, Xu Qing felt some regret. He could sense that this wasn't Ji Dongzi's life soul.

However, he didn't hesitate at all. He turned and ran.

The moment Xu Qing sped away, a heart-rending sound rang out from behind him. At the same time, the sound of water exploding rang out.

Fishing the Moon From the Well disappeared!

A terrifying aura erupted from Ji Dongzi's body. Amidst his mournful roars, he, who had regained his mobility, abruptly lifted his head. His eyes were red as he stared at Xu Qing in the distance.

There was still lingering fear in his heart.

Xu Qing's judgment wasn't wrong. There was indeed his life soul among the 97 wisps of soul. If Xu Qing fished it out, it would be a line between life and death for Ji Dongzi.

This was the first time he had felt such a life-and-death crisis since he started cultivating.

In addition, although Xu Qing couldn't capture his soul accurately, the loss of a divine tablet still injured Ji Dongzi's soul. Moreover, the tearing pain it brought caused his expression to twist. He anxiously wanted to give chase and get back the wisp of soul.

Hence, while he had lingering fear, intense killing intent erupted in his heart.

"Die!"

Ji Dongzi let out a deep shout and took a step forward, directly crossing the void and appearing in front of Xu Qing. He then lifted his right hand and pressed down ruthlessly.

Just as it was about to land, a dark glint flashed in Xu Qing's eyes. He lifted his left hand and finally took out the ancient sun.

This was his trump card but its might was too great. Once he used it, the impact would definitely be terrifying. Xu Qing wasn't confident that he could escape unscathed from the eruption of the ancient sun.

In addition, there was another worry. This was also the reason why Xu Qing only used the Sun of Dawn as a deterrence after coming to the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race.

This worry was directly exposed by Ji Dongzi the moment he took out the ancient sun!

"Sun of Dawn!"

"Xu Qing, if you dare to release the Sun of Dawn in my race and destroy my Mountains and Seas Region, it's equivalent to declaring war on the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven!"

"According to our race's character, we will send troops to the human race immediately because you are a human. Because the Sun of Dawn is a regional treasure of your human race!"

"If you don't use the Sun of Dawn, only you will die; if you use it, you'll still die and the human race will have to die with you!"

"Xu Qing, do you dare?!"

Ji Dongzi's expression was distorted. Although anger filled his heart, he still maintained a certain level of calmness and directly pointed out the worries in Xu Qing's heart. At the same time, the hand he lifted didn't stop at all and slammed down.

However, the appearance of the Sun of Dawn still made him feel fear. Even though he still attacked, he restrained some strength and was on guard.

Xu Qing spat out a mouthful of blood and his body flew back.

He didn't detonate the ancient sun.

It wasn't because of Ji Dongzi's words. In reality, Xu Qing's goal in taking out the ancient sun wasn't to detonate it but to intimidate.

He was telling Ji Dongzi that he had a trump card that could allow him to perish together with him.

It was to make the other party feel a sense of worry.

This concern would shake the other party's persistence in giving chase.

Seeing that it was effective, Xu Qing was expressionless. He hung the ancient sun on his body and ruthlessly squeezed the soul in his right hand as he retreated.

After Xu Qing fished out the soul, he still held it tightly in his hand. He didn't destroy it immediately because this was also his trump card.

At that moment, as he clenched his fist, Ji Dongzi's body trembled and intense pain erupted. His cultivation was also in chaos.

At the next instant, the shadow and the Diamond Sect's ancestor appeared at the same time. As Purple Moon returned, they bombarded Ji Dongzi.

Xu Qing didn't slow down and continued to flee.

Ji Dongzi was frustrated and his killing intent became even stronger. With a wave of his hand, regardless of whether it was the shadow or the Diamond Sect's ancestor, they all flew back. With a sway, he avoided the Purple Moon and continued to pursue.

However, he only chased for dozens of breaths of time. Just as he was about to catch up to Xu Qing, Xu Qing exerted strength in his right hand again and pinched his soul, causing it to show signs of shattering.

The pain erupted from Ji Dongzi's soul.

Ji Dongzi's roar became even more heart-rending. Just as he was about to attack, Xu Qing's gaze turned pitch-black and he abruptly turned his head. The fog of the Poison Restriction appeared out of thin air and spread backward, enveloping Ji Dongzi and corroding him.

After that, he took out a token and transmitted his divine sense.

"Your Majesty, the food is here."

With that, Xu Qing threw the token and activated it.

However, at the next moment, the token flew over and returned to Xu Qing's hand. At the same time, a fluctuation spread out.

"Dead divine remains, I'm not eating them. I want live food!"

Xu Qing frowned and fled again.

A while later, Ji Dongzi chased after him again. Just as he was about to attack, Xu Qing clenched his right hand again. At the same time, a deep voice rang out.

"The realm of heaven and earth can be likened to a well…"

Ripples appeared in the void.

Ji Dongzi instinctively paused. However, at the next instant, nothing happened. The water ripples dissipated.

Xu Qing couldn't activate Fishing the Moon From the Well twice in a short period of time. He was only scaring Ji Dongzi. Borrowing the time Ji Dongzi paused, he had already flown further away with all his might. At the same time, he kept pinching the spirit in his hand.

Ji Dongzi was about to go crazy. Blood light erupted from his entire form and he was about to pursue again. However, at the next instant, cages rose out of thin air around him. They were none other than D132.

Xu Qing understood human nature. He knew that when a person was first vigilant and later discovered that it was fake, it was often a moment when their instincts relaxed. This was especially so for people who were suffering continuous attacks to their souls. It was much easier for them to lose their rationality.

At this moment, if he used another method, it would have the greatest effect.

This was also the reason why Xu Qing didn't crush the soul in one go previously. One-time agony was naturally inferior to continuous pain. However, he couldn't use it many times. This would generate a sense of adaptation to pain. Hence, the best way was to maintain the same degree of energy first and then increase the strength at the critical moment.

D132 descended with a bang and enveloped Ji Dongzi.

At the same time, Xu Qing, who was fleeing rapidly, didn't even turn his head. He clenched his right palm with all his might and crushed the spirit in his hand completely.

The spirit shattered and the damage erupted at once.

The divine tablet inside landed in Xu Qing's hand. After it was enveloped by the divine source in his body, Xu Qing endured his injuries and headed in the direction of the Jiuli Forbidden at full speed.

A while later, when Xu Qing's figure disappeared into the horizon, the wails of the prisoners rang out from D132. The prison collapsed and shattered into pieces. Ji Dongzi's disheveled figure dragged a huge finger and rushed out.

His expression was malevolent and filled with pain. The damage caused by the shattering of his spirit caused him to feel unbearable pain.

As for the finger, It was also trembling. A face appeared on It, revealing horror as It begged for mercy.

"Don't kill me. I was forced. I can help you. I've long wanted to kill that fiend. Our goals are the same!!"

"Shut up!"

Ji Dongzi shouted and his killing intent grew even more intense. He then chased after Xu Qing.































































Xu Qing was moving at full speed.

In the Mountains and Seas Region, the anomalous substances were too dense and there was also the seal from the three Flame Moon Gods enveloping it, making it difficult to activate large-scale teleportation techniques, and rendering some teleportation items ineffective as well.

Although that was the case, Xu Qing still managed to buy some time with the help of the several interferences from before, widening the distance between them.

However, the price wasn't small.

Regardless of whether it was the Diamond Sect's ancestor's injuries, the little shadow's dimness, or his own injuries, they were all at a critical point. If this continued, it would be very disadvantageous.

In addition, there was D132.

Xu Qing narrowed his eyes. D132 was a divine art, so it naturally wouldn't disappear. Although collapse was inevitable, as long as it could buy time, it was worth it.

He only needed to nurture it for some time before he could form the cages of D132 again.

After all, the authority of misfortune seemed to come from the god's finger but it had long been grasped by Xu Qing. Forgetfulness was formed by the integration of luck.

"It's a pity that the finger and the prisoners are gone. I need to lock them up again."

Xu Qing felt a little regretful but when he thought of how useless the god's finger was, he didn't care.

He continued to fly away.

Xu Qing's choice of route back then showed its importance right now.



If he had chosen to continue heading to shanchi's territory a day ago, it would probably be difficult for him to escape now.

However, it was different now. This place was already very close to the Jiuli Forbidden. In another two to four hours, he would be able to enter the edge of the Jiuli Forbidden.

"If it was before I displayed the ancient sun, Ji Dongzi might have chased me inside the Jiuli Forbidden. But now... there's a high chance that he won't take the risk."

"If Ji Dongzi gives chase, I will have to consider something else..."

Xu Qing continued to move while pondering. A while later, he sensed D132's collapse and his thoughts froze.

"So fast. That finger is indeed trash!"

Xu Qing's expression turned cold. He bit the tip of his tongue and augmented his speed. His figure could no longer be seen and only a fragmented line streaked across the sky.

Just like that, time flowed by and two hours passed.

When he was only an hour away from the edge of the Jiuli Forbidden, Xu Qing, who was moving forward in the sky, suddenly swayed and dodged to the side.

The instant he dodged, a blood beam directly exploded where he was previously, forming a flower of blood.

Soon, blood splattered in the surroundings and exploded one after another, blocking his path.

This caused the surroundings to be covered in blood.

There was also a figure that stirred up the sound of thunder from the horizon, heading straight here.

Xu Qing's expression was gloomy as he quickly dodged the blood flowers. However, with countless blood flowers blooming in this place, inevitably, one of them caught up to him, seemingly due to a careless moment.

As blood spurted out, the blood light transformed into threads that enveloped his entire body.

Xu Qing's body swayed and his soul threads spread out to resist the blood threads in the surroundings. However, these blood threads weren't ordinary. Although some of them had collapsed, there was still a wisp that wrapped around Xu Qing's waist.

It rapidly circled around, forcing him to stop in mid-air.

During this pause, Ji Dongzi rapidly closed the distance. At the next instant, he tore through the void and appeared in front of Xu Qing.

His expression was sinister and his eyes revealed killing intent. The instant he got close, he didn't attack immediately but quickly performed a series of hand seals.

Immediately, all the collapsed blood flowers in the surroundings formed blood rays that rapidly coiled around Xu Qing's body. In the blink of an eye, under Xu Qing's pale face and anxious expression, the blood rays formed a huge blood cocoon.

"Let's see how you can escape this time!"

With Xu Qing completely trapped and his soul still being in intense pain, the killing intent in Ji Dongzi's heart completely erupted. He directly headed straight for the blood cocoon and fused with it.

 However, the instant he fused into the blood cocoon and saw Xu Qing, he clearly noticed that the anxiety on Xu Qing's face earlier was gone. Instead, there was sharpness in his eyes as he lifted his right hand toward him.

On his right hand, there was a fingernail-sized brown flame.

This flame flickered faintly. It sometimes expanded and sometimes rapidly contracted, as though it was extremely unstable.

Even more astonishing was that its appearance stirred the firmament. The clouds rapidly turned pitch-black, thunder resounded, and lightning danced within, seemingly drawn to it and spreading outward.

Ji Dongzi's mind trembled. He couldn't tell what it was but he instinctively felt danger. It was as though every inch of his body had gained an independent consciousness at this moment and was screaming at him, telling him that this thing was extremely dangerous.

Hence, he didn't hesitate at all and immediately retreated.

However, it was too late.

Xu Qing gently flicked the fingernail-sized brown flame out, heading straight for Ji Dongzi. As it floated over, it rapidly expanded and grew larger.

Its instability also soared.

At the next instant, a rumbling sound echoed out as flames rose and flickered in the blood cocoon.

What appeared next was an extremely terrifying aura.

This aura carried destruction, as though there was nothing in the world that couldn't be burned. At this moment, as it spread, the blood cocoon couldn't withstand it and was directly burned.

Countless bolts of lightning descended from the sky like a thunderstorm, whistling over and smashing into it in the blink of an eye.

The instant the lightning landed, the brown flames erupted on a large scale.

Terrifying lightning and fire erupted into the sky, forming an earth-shattering firestorm that swept in all directions.

Wherever it passed, everything was destroyed.

The power contained in it was extremely majestic. Even with Ji Dongzi's cultivation, his heart trembled and he was directly enveloped by this firestorm.

This fire was none other than the mysterious fire formed by Little Shadow when it devoured the prohibited zone back then. Its name was… Boom, boom, boom.

Xu Qing was already prepared. The moment the flames erupted, he had already controlled Little Shadow to cover his entire body.

Even though Little Shadow wailed as it was burned, the fire was produced by it, so it had some resistance to it.

Although Xu Qing was still affected, he could withstand the remnant heat.

He didn't even look at the results.

There was a certain chance that the other party would be killed by this terrifying fire, but Xu Qing had a steady personality and was worried that there could be a trap.

This was after all an unknown matter, and all unknowns had a fifty-fifty probability.

However, if he didn't bother with it, the probability of avoiding problems was one hundred percent.

Hence, Xu Qing immediately retreated, rushing in the direction he had set.

Not long after he left, in the brown flames, the instant Ji Dongzi's figure was completely burned to ashes, a self-

destructive force suddenly spread out, enveloping an region of 50 kilometers and emitting a monstrous explosion.

Although its degree of destruction couldn't be compared to the brown flames, it still affected its surroundings greatly.

Fortunately, Xu Qing had already left. Otherwise, he would definitely be affected.

A while later, as the variations within 50 kilometers dispersed and the brown mysterious fire was extinguished, a deep pit appeared on the ground within a radius of 5 kilometers. Everything that existed was burned into nothingness by the mysterious fire.

As for the region within 50 kilometers, it was filled with the aura of destruction. That was caused by the self-destruction.

At the same time, a figure rushed over from the horizon and stopped in the air. After sweeping his gaze over the ground, his expression turned gloomy.

This person was also Ji Dongzi.

"This Xu Qing is actually so difficult to kill!"

A cold glint flashed in Ji Dongzi's eyes. Previously, out of caution, he had spread out his blood clone when he chased after Xu Qing. His main body was at the back in case Xu Qing used some strange methods.

Moreover, his blood clone could self-destruct with astonishing lethality.

According to his thoughts, no matter what, he would make Xu Qing pay a heavy price. However, from the looks of it now, the other party's methods were even stranger and bizarre than what he had judged.

Moreover, Xu Qing's cautious personality made the self-

destruction of the blood clone have no effect.

"Damn it!"

Ji Dongzi lifted his head and stared in the direction Xu Qing had left in with his perception. His expression became increasingly gloomy. He actually felt some regret.

In his original opinion, it would be easy to kill Xu Qing.

However, although he had the advantage, the other party had too many methods, so he had no choice but to face him with all his might.

"Should I continue chasing…"

Ji Dongzi's soul felt pain. After taking a deep breath, his eyes revealed a cold glint.

"Since you want to go to the Jiuli Forbidden, then… I'll escort you there!"

Ji Dongzi scoffed. As a great heaven's chosen of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven, he naturally had a better understanding of the Jiuli Forbidden. He was very clear that that place was a prohibited area.

In every Grand Hunt, there would be people who thought that they were the children of luck and could obtain good fortune inside.

However, in reality, none of the participants who entered Jiuli Forbidden during the Grand Hunt ever came out alive.

At the thought of this, Ji Dongzi gave chase. However, his speed wasn't that hurried. Instead, he maintained some distance and used his killing intent to form a sense of oppression, as though he was chasing Xu Qing away.

Xu Qing quickly noticed this action. A hint of hesitation flashed in his eyes but it quickly became firm. He didn't have a way out to begin with and if this continued, it would be disadvantageous in the end.

Since that was the case, he might as well follow his original plan and enter Jiuli.

At the thought of this, Xu Qing touched his chest. That was the location of the purple crystal. He pressed down strongly and the cultivation base in his body surged. At the next instant, his entire body shone with purple light.

By stimulating the purple crystal, he could stimulate faster recovery ability.

After that, he didn't slow down and flew toward the Jiuli Forbidden.

An hour later, the Jiuli Forbidden that was enveloped by the gray fog was reflected in Xu Qing's eyes.

The world was filled with gray fog. As it churned, it formed painful faces that let out soundless shouts in all directions. Accompanied by roars filled with despair and madness, they echoed from the depths of the fog.

Looking at the Jiuli, Xu Qing took a deep breath. With a sway of his body, he directly entered the gray fog and disappeared.

After about fifteen minutes, Ji Dongzi's figure appeared outside the Jiuli. He stared at the gray fog and sneered.

"This Xu Qing probably thinks that he has some understanding of the Jiuli Forbidden but he doesn't know that there are some secrets that only the ranked heaven's chosens know."

"For example, as long as one comes into contact with this gray fog, they won't be able to leave the Jiuli Forbidden."































































Mountains and Seas Region, the Jiuli Forbidden.

This place was the center and core of this region!

From the outside, gray fog filled the air, enveloping everything. As it churned, it emitted the sense of endless mysteries and death.

In the past Grand Hunts, no one who entered Jiuli survived.

However, the legend of the Jiuli continued to attract generations of cultivators from the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven.

It was the same for Ji Dongzi.

He had once thought of exploring it. However, as he learned about the Jiuli Forbidden, and some of its secrets that hadn't been made public, as well as his guesses…

He didn't dare to anymore.

"Jiuli… That's a special name."

Ji Dongzi's gaze was deep as he stared at the gray fog in front of him. Recalling his battle with Xu Qing, he had no choice but to admit that although Xu Qing was weaker than him, it was quite difficult to kill him.

"This person can indeed be considered the number one heaven's chosen of the human race."

"However, it will be in the past."

Ji Dongzi retracted his gaze and flicked his sleeve. Immediately, a blurry blood shadow appeared beside him and bowed to him.

"Go and inform King Mingnan that Xu Qing has died."

Ji Dongzi calmly spoke. He then turned and took a step, disappearing from the spot.

In his opinion, the time of Xu Qing's death wasn't important anymore; he had been tainted by the gray fog and was destined to be unable to leave.

Xu Qing… also sensed this!

At that moment, in the Jiuli Forbidden, his entire body was covered in gray fog and his expression was very gloomy.



The instant he entered, the gray fog here seemed to have a life of its own. It carried greed and desire as it instantly enveloped him, wanting to assimilate him.

However, this gray fog wasn't anomalous substances but an unknown matter.

The moment the purple divine source in Xu Qing's body came into contact with the gray fog, he felt a sense of suppression. All the soul threads also became dispirited and gradually lost their vitality.

It was as though the Jiuli Forbidden was filled with hostility toward gods. Hence, everything related to gods would be rejected by it.

Hence, Xu Qing's god form began to weaken and became unstable in a short period.

"My Purple Moon divine source came from the Crimson Goddess… Although it can't compare to Her, its essence is the same and its status is the same. However, the gray fog here can actually suppress it!"

Xu Qing had realized earlier that Jiuli wasn't simple. Now, this feeling was even more obvious.

If it was just a suppression on things related to gods, it would be fine, but Xu Qing quickly discovered that his cultivation strength was also being repelled and suppressed.

The furnace in his secret repository was being extinguished.

Even the Heavenly Dao… actually seemed to be on the verge of sleeping.

"Rejection of everything?"

Xu Qing frowned. What he didn't expect was the special power he sensed within this gray fog.

Just like karma, he was forcefully bound here. He… couldn't leave.

It was the same after many attempts.

Xu Qing fell silent. After a long time, he suddenly took a step back, wanting to probe the limits.

All the abilities he could use instantly erupted. However, at the next moment, his retreating body stopped.

A life-and-death crisis that surpassed the sensation given by Ji Dongzi by hundreds or thousands of times descended on his entire body, causing Xu Qing to tremble uncontrollably, as though he was about to collapse.

 At this moment, whispers rang out from the surrounding fog.

All the voices finally transformed into a single word that roared like thunder in Xu Qing's mind.

"Die!"

This word contained the most extreme resentment, anger, and killing intent Xu Qing had ever felt in his life.

He could clearly sense that if he took another step back, Jiuli Forbidden would release an extermination power that he couldn't resist, and destroy his body and soul.

If he moved forward, because of the power of rejection, the further he went, the more difficult it would become. In the end, it was very likely that everything of his would be rejected and he would become a mortal.

If he retreated, his death was certain.

Xu Qing hadn't encountered many such dilemmas.

Hence, Xu Qing narrowed his eyes and suppressed the frustration in his heart, forcing himself to remain calm as he observed his surroundings.

Although the area he was in was within the Jiuli Forbidden, it was close to the edge. The fog here was naturally denser compared to outside, but compared to the depths of the Jiuli in the distance, it was clearly thinner.

Hence, he could vaguely see the environment.

There was no vegetation, no mountains, and no anomalous substances!

As for the ground beneath, it was somewhat soft; it was marshland.

Countless skeletons could be seen in the black marsh. They had been submerged here for countless years, silently gazing through time.

The land was filled with vicissitudes and desolation.

Only a sizzling sound continued and rapidly rang out from outside Xu Qing's god form.

That was the sound of him resisting the invasion of the gray fog.

However, the god form became increasingly unstable, causing this confrontation to not last for long.

"Although staying here can delay the invasion, there's no possibility of neutralizing it."

"Since I can't retreat, then… rather than waiting for death here, I might as well enter completely and see what this Jiuli is. Perhaps… there's still a chance of survival."

A dark glint flashed in Xu Qing's eyes. He then walked forward decisively.

With every step he took, he was incomparably vigilant. He controlled his body not to sink into the marsh, while using all his strength to resist the invasion of the fog.

Just like that, time flowed by and six hours passed.

Xu Qing, who was walking in the Jiuli Forbidden, didn't find any signs of life or Jiuli.

This place was too big and seemed endless. Other than the thickening fog, there was nothing else.

Moreover, the ground was becoming softer and the depression was even more intense.

Hence, Xu Qing's speed became slower and slower. In the end, his fourth god form couldn't be maintained and degenerated to the third god form. Next was the second god form and the first god form.

In the end, all the soul threads fell silent.

Purple Moon was in a deep sleep.

Xu Qing's main body was revealed on the marsh. The fog tried to invade him, but he immediately spread the Poison Restriction.

As a divine source that was higher in level than the Crimson Goddess', the resistance of the Poison Restriction was clearly stronger. However, as time passed, Xu Qing became increasingly anxious. The Poison Restriction was also becoming thinner.

Under the suppression of this dense fog, the Poison Restriction… fell into a deep sleep.

Xu Qing's secret repositories fell silent as well.

They were all extinguished.

The instant the last wisp of fire from the secret repository's furnace extinguished, the feeling of greed emitted by the gray fog suddenly became intense. It was like a ferocious demon that had been wandering in the surroundings had sensed an opportunity and pounced toward Xu Qing.

However, at the next instant, a bronze incense burner appeared above Xu Qing's head.

This incense burner was ancient and emitted a peculiar energy. Green smoke curled up from it for a thousand feet before spreading out, cascading down like a waterfall and forming rings of smoke that enveloped Xu Qing and blocked the invasion of the gray fog.

It was none other than the treasure of Tian Lingzi from the Baize Race whom Xu Qing had killed on the ninth forbidden mountain in the forbidden zone.

This item had once resisted Xu Qing's Poison Restriction for Tian Lingzi, allowing him to successfully step onto the ninth mountain.

From this, one could see its might.

After he took it out, as the smoke rings descended, the sleeping cultivation base and divine sources in Xu Qing's body showed signs of recovery. This barrier seemed to have isolated him.

Although the feeling of karma was still intense, to a certain extent, Xu Qing's pressure was eased.

However… he could sense that the incense burner was depleting rapidly, and the formation of the incense rings was sparse, so its duration wouldn't be very long.

Right now, it was being rapidly invaded, so it would probably last for only fifteen minutes.

"This fifteen minutes can allow me to recover my divine sources and cultivation base, but that will only allow me to last a little longer…"

Xu Qing's expression was ugly as he stared at his surroundings. According to his judgment, even if he hadn't entered the core of the Jiuli, he was still in the depths.

On the way, other than the fog, he sensed no other existences.

Only the marsh.

"So, under the marsh?"

Xu Qing lowered his head and looked at the black marsh under his feet. After some thought, he didn't rashly try it himself. Instead, he spoke in a low voice.

"Little Shadow!"

The shadow appeared in the marsh under Xu Qing's feet, emitting weak fluctuations of emotions. It even put on an appearance that was filled with burn marks.

It was as though it was reminding Xu Qing that it was injured.

Xu Qing ignored it.

"Go down and take a look."

Little Shadow felt aggrieved. However, after being suppressed for many years, it could merely tacitly agree to fate's arrangement. With a sway, it sank into the mud and spread inwards.

It had only sunk for less than 30 feet when it distorted intensely, emitting wails. Even its body showed signs of dissipating.

"Pain… rotting… dissipate… afraid…"

Xu Qing was unmoved and continued to sense.

Seeing that Xu Qing was ignoring it, Little Shadow experienced even so more aggrieved. It endured the feeling of dissipation and continued to spread.

Very soon, it reached 100 feet, 500 feet, and finally 1,000 feet.

All the areas were covered in mud.

At this location, the dissipation intent on Little Shadow's body obviously intensified, causing it to be unable to help but emit emotions of begging for mercy again.

"Continue… death… afraid… please…"

Xu Qing fell silent and spoke.

"If I die here, you'll die too. If you bring me some opportunities, I promise that I'll think of a way to revive you after you die."

This voice was filled with determination. After Little Shadow sensed it, its body trembled and erupted in the next instant, forming an even greater fluctuation that continued to spread down.

1000 feet, 3000 feet, 5000 feet…

The dissipating force intensified and the wails were heart-

rending. Little Shadow's body continued to shatter and finally shattered into dozens of wisps. One of them returned and the rest all headed deeper. They spread to the extreme in a way that was almost suicidal.

These shadows collapsed one by one. The remaining ones split into dozens of wisps and continued deeper as though a large net.

The wails continued. After more than ten breaths of time passed and the shadow split dozens of times, forming hundreds of shadow threads, there was finally one shadow thread that burrowed into a depth of ten thousand feet.

The moment it dissipated, it successfully transmitted a scene that was reflected in Xu Qing's mind.

The moment he noticed this scene, Xu Qing's entire body trembled. His breathing turned hurried and his expression changed.

"This is…"































































What entered Xu Qing's mind through Little Shadow was an incredibly shocking scene.j

Below this marsh, there was a vast cavern with an astonishing range.

To the cavern, the mire was the sky curtain, and the cavern itself was like an isolated world.

As for the land of this world, it was a pitch-black void. One could see countless gray fog spreading out from the void, lingering in this world.

However, these weren't the source of Xu Qing's shock.

What shocked him was that there was a huge shrine floating in this world!

The size of this shrine occupied one-tenth of this world's space, with a rectangular shape that looked like a coffin standing upright in mid-air.

Rotten tendrils drifted from its edges, resembling tentacles swaying with the flow of fog.

The long ones drooped into the void, while the short ones were thousands of feet long and winding.

The entire shrine was a dark golden color, devoid of any gloss, exuding a sense of decay.

It was as though he had experienced countless years, giving off an endless feeling of vicissitudes.

As for the interior, it housed a terrifying presence.

It resembled a spider with dark golden spots all over its body, and it had a man's head.

A tree branch was nailed into the center of its forehead, piercing through the head. The tree branch was dull, but it gave Xu Qing a piercing feeling as though he was looking at the sun.

At the same time, four ice-formed long spears penetrated the spider's body, firmly anchoring it to the shrine.



On these four spears, Xu Qing keenly sensed the fluctuation of the moon's power.

This wasn't the end, on the eight legs of this terrifying entity, there were eight clay jars, each emitting the aura of Star Flame.

This terrifying existence had been sealed to death, and the shrine itself was like a coffin!

It had both the effect of storage and the might of a seal.

Upon closer inspection, one could see that there were countless marks engraved outside the shrine. Every mark exuded the aura of a god.

Xu Qing's heart was filled with endless waves. However, this wasn't all that shocked him.

At most, it could only be considered half.

The remaining half of the shock came from… under the shrine.

Under the shrine, in the void of this world, as the fog flowed, some rare scenes were revealed. There… was a huge mountain formed by ashes!

Although it was slightly inferior in size compared to the shrine, the difference wasn't much.

This mountain formed by ashes kept emitting gray fog. Clearly, it was the source of the gray fog of the Jiuli.

It was hard to imagine what kind of existence could transform into so much ashes after death. And around this huge mountain of ashes, there were nine relatively smaller mountains.

Or rather, they weren't mountains but nine skulls!

They were like dragon heads, sinister and emitting a primordial intent.

Although they no longer had flesh and blood, one could faintly sense their anger and madness when they were alive from the gaping mouths of these skulls.

The ancient sensation emitted by them was extremely dense and the sealing intent was extremely intense.

The scene ended with that.

On the marsh of the Jiuli Forbidden, Xu Qing's body trembled and he couldn't control himself as he spat out seven to eight mouthfuls of blood. His body was unstable and he had to retreat for a bit. Even though he only indirectly saw this scene through Little Shadow, it was still a little unbearable for him.

As for Little Shadow… there were no more fluctuations. It was unknown if it was dead or alive.

However, Xu Qing was no longer in the mood to consider Little Shadow. His expression changed as he stared at the ground. The scene in his mind brought him too many guesses.

 "That shrine itself is a seal. The spider-like existence inside is clearly a god!"

"There is the presence of the Sun, Moon, and Star Flame Gods on It. To be suppressed by these three at the same time and needing external objects to assist in the seal, It must not be a simple god."

"As for the mountain of ashes under this shrine…"

Xu Qing drew in a deep breath. He didn't know who it belonged to but those nine heads caused a name to appear in his mind.

"Jiuli?"

Xu Qing wasn't sure. According to the information he had checked, Jiuli should have been nine lantern-like shapes, which did not match what he was seeing.

However, Xu Qing had noticed that there was a certain level of fabrication regarding the Jiuli Forbidden. Hence, he couldn't judge the truth.

"Regardless of whether it's the Jiuli or not, to be able to exist here, there must be some connection. However, if it is, as the national beast with special significance to the Flame Moon, why would the Jiuli have a shrine suppressing it?"

"It's clearly dead but it's still being suppressed."

Xu Qing fell silent. This was clearly a series of suppressions. The three gods suppressed the unfamiliar god, and the unfamiliar god suppressed the mountain of ashes and the nine heads.

Xu Qing found it difficult to understand the story behind this.

Xu Qing frowned and sensed the bronze incense burner above his head.

"It's about to burn out…"

Compared to the empty space above the marsh, the scene below 10,000 feet was clearly the main focus of this Jiuli Forbidden through Little Shadow's scouting.

This was especially so since Xu Qing now knew the source of the gray fog.

In that case, Xu Qing had no other choice.

"If I want to leave the Jiuli, the source might be the key. If I can get some of that ashes… or if I can think of a way to get one of those nine heads…"

This thought was very crazy.

Xu Qing fell silent and checked his storage bag.

"Actually, there's another way that can allow me to hold on for a little longer…"

Xu Qing lifted his hand and took out a piece of the Crimson Goddess' flesh and threw it into the incense burner.

At the next instant, the incense burner trembled and emitted even more smoke rings. However, in this environment, it only slowed the speed of the incense burner's consumption. There were also side effects, which was that more fog crowded over.

"In the end, it's not a long-term solution. The more god power is used here, the more severe the consequences."

Xu Qing stared at the incense burner and sighed inwardly.

After that, he sensed that due to the isolation from the bronze incense burner, he had recovered quite a bit of the power of the divine source.

Finally, he calculated the time and the scene below appeared in his mind.

"The mountain of ashes is directly under the shrine. It's not easy to move it, but the nine heads beside it are a little far away…"

At the thought of this, a hint of determination appeared in Xu Qing's eyes and there was even madness. He lowered his head and looked at the marsh under his feet. He no longer hesitated and directly kept the bronze incense burner that wasn't finished burning.

The instant the surrounding gray fog invaded, the god power in his body erupted, driving his body to sink rapidly into the mud.

The moment his body completely entered the mud, intense pain immediately spread throughout his body.

It was a sensation of corrosion. Regardless of whether it was the marsh itself or the gray fog in the surroundings, they were all corroding his body and soul at the same time.

Xu Qing forcefully endured it and borrowed the help of his cultivation and the divine source to resist as he rapidly moved down.

In the blink of an eye, he reached 1000 feet. The degradation and invasion here were even more terrifying. In fact, many parts of Xu Qing's body had already disappeared.

However, his speed continued to increase. Very soon, he reached 2000 feet, 3000 feet…

When he reached 4000 feet, his body was already like a skeleton. Xu Qing gritted his teeth and sank another 1000 feet.

He reached a depth of 5000 feet.

Limit.

His body began to melt and his soul appeared to be dimming. At the critical moment, Xu Qing took out a piece of Crimson Goddess' flesh and directly swallowed it.

The flesh of the Crimson Goddess was like fire entering his mouth, exploding in his body. A large amount of divine source power spread out from Xu Qing's entire body.

This caused him, who was already in a melting state, to almost collapse.

In reality, if it weren't for this environment, directly devouring the flesh of the Crimson Goddess would probably be much more destructive for Xu Qing. This was also the reason why he didn't use it in his battle with Ji Dongzi.

But here, the divine force was rejected, abhorred, and dissipated. The gray fog and mud from the surroundings indirectly helped Xu Qing.

It was like putting an inflating balloon in water. There was a certain level of counteraction.

This allowed his body to barely hold on after swallowing the flesh of Crimson Goddess.

Relying on this violent force, Xu Qing rushed downward again.

6000 feet, 7000 feet, 8000 feet. During this time, the force brought about by Crimson Goddess' flesh rapidly melted.

He continued until he reached 9,000 feet. He was at his limit again.

Xu Qing was aware that he couldn't continue to consume the flesh of the Crimson Goddess. Even though he was in this environment, his body wouldn't be able to hold on.

Hence, he lifted his melting right hand and grabbed downwards with the location of the skull closest to him in his memory.

With this grab, the realm seemed to have transformed into a well. Regardless of whether it was illusory or real, it should have appeared inside.

However… the seal here and the limitation of distance blurred everything. What Fishing the Moon From the Well reflected was also distorted and indistinct.

He grabbed, but there was nothing.

The fishing failed!

At the next instant, Xu Qing's body began to melt, as though it was about to be devoured by the marsh. However, very soon, life lanterns flew out of his broken body, forming Sundials.

They each rotated and the force of time erupted from his body.

Time reversed.

At the next moment, Xu Qing's figure disappeared. When he reappeared, he wasn't outside the marsh. He was still in the mud. However, he wasn't 9,000 feet down but 1,000 feet.

The environment here affected everything. Even the time force of the Sundial was weakened.

After he appeared, Xu Qing immediately rushed up. The moment he broke through the mud and rushed out, he spat out a mouthful of blood. His body was covered in rot and his wounds were serious.

He immediately took out the bronze incense burner and let it float above his head.

With the help of the incense burner's smoke rings, Xu Qing sat cross-legged and did his best to recover.

Time flowed by. Every time the incense burner was about to be extinguished, Xu Qing would throw out a piece of Crimson Goddess's flesh into it, slowing its extinguishing. This consumption was extremely extravagant and as the divine force continued to appear, the fog in the surroundings became extremely dense.

That sense of karma had already seeped into his bones.

However… there was no other way.

Even if it was drinking poison to quench his thirst.

Half a day later, Xu Qing opened his eyes. His wounds were still there but his divine sources had somewhat recovered. His soul threads also showed activity because of the absorption of the Crimson Goddess's flesh.

His heart ached because of such extravagant consumption. However, he could only suppress this heartache now and close his eyes to continue recovering.

The day slowly passed.

When Xu Qing opened his eyes again, his divine sources had mostly recovered. Hence, he lowered his head and looked at the mud under him, recalling his failure earlier.

"There's another way… In theory, it should work!"































































"Trying to enter 10,000 feet deep into the marsh with the physical body is too difficult, even with my current state."

"I have already reversed time and returned through the Sundial. There's always a limit to this matter, and frequent use will lead to its destruction."

"The failure of Fishing the Moon From the Well is partly due to the interference of the gray fog, and another major reason may be… the distance was too far, so it couldn't take direct effect."

"Based on this, if there's a way to form a tunnel on this marsh that penetrates 10,000 feet and form a connection with the space where the skulls are located, and I activate Fishing the Moon From the Well again…"

A look of contemplation appeared in Xu Qing's eyes. If this method could succeed, the danger to him would be reduced while increasing the chances of success.

"This passageway doesn't need to be too big. A crack or even a small hole will do."

Xu Qing lowered his head and stared at the mud under him. One method after another appeared in his mind.

However, this marsh was strange and there was gray fog. Hence, after he analyzed these methods, he gave up on them one by one. In the end, Xu Qing made up his mind and took out an item with a wave of his hand.

It was a brown flame!

It was something similar to divine fire formed by Little Shadow after devouring a forbidden zone.

This fire was terrifying and couldn't be tolerated by the world. If it appeared in the outside world, it would cause heavenly lightning to descend to extinguish it.

In the Jiuli Forbidden, even the Heavenly Dao was rejected, so its appearance didn't cause lightning. However, the gray fog seemed to have been stimulated and suddenly churned.

Vaguely, countless whispers gathered again, forming a roar that spread everywhere.



At the same time, the fog churned and rushed toward Xu Qing like an avalanche, drowning the smoke rings he was in. It wanted to extinguish the fire.

It was as though they couldn't coexist.

Xu Qing's gaze froze. He performed a series of hand seals and pointed at the bronze incense burner, speeding up its consumption and spreading out more smoke rings to block the surrounding fog that had become violent.

"The gray fog has such a reaction…"

Xu Qing fell into deep thought. He then lowered his head and looked at the marsh before looking at the fire.

He only had three such fires.

One was used on Ji Dongzi, so he only had two left.

"Let's give it a try!"

Xu Qing narrowed his eyes and didn't hesitate. With a wave of his hand, he placed the brown fire on the marsh. The instant it came into contact, the marsh melted at a speed visible to the naked eye like snowflakes meeting hot water!

The flame fell incomparably smoothly and sank all the way.

Wherever it passed, the marsh would continue to melt. At the same time, the gray fog surrounding Xu Qingyan's smoke rings and the gray fog wandering in the marsh were immediately attracted. They fused into the marsh from all directions and headed straight for the fire.

They enveloped it, trying to snuff it out.

However, this flame was astonishing. Even though there were signs of it being extinguished, its sinking speed didn't change at all. All the mud that came into contact with it rapidly disappeared.

1000 feet, 3000 feet, 5000 feet, 7000 feet…

More fog rushed over.

This process repeated again and again. Moreover, the repulsive force emitted by the marsh was also extremely huge. It even surpassed when Xu Qing and Little Shadow were sinking earlier.

Hence, the brown fire grew dimmer and dimmer. However, the remaining power in it was enough for it to penetrate 10,000 feet!

However, the passage left in its trail was rapidly recovering and becoming smaller.

Finally, the flame passed through the layer of marsh and arrived at the cavern where Little Shadow had sent the image.

The moment it appeared there, the gray fog contained in the cavern suddenly erupted and rapidly swept over.

Endless gray fog surged forward. The brown flame was instantly extinguished and dissipated.

As it dissipated, the passage that it had melted instantly recovered.

 This scene caused Xu Qing's expression to turn solemn.

During this period, he had thought of taking out the last flame and using Fishing the Moon From the Well. However, this wasn't a secure plan. There were very few opportunities, so he ultimately chose to wait and see.

He treated this as a probe.

Now, there was an answer.

"It's not that one flame isn't enough but there's a lack of follow-up. Hence, it's difficult for it to last for too long before it's extinguished by the gray fog."

"Also, it's difficult for the melted passage to continue existing."

"After I recover now, Fishing the Moon From the Well can still be activated once for a short period. However, if I want to activate it a second time, I still need to wait for my soul to recover."

Xu Qing fell silent and started to think of a way to deal with these two points.

A while later, he glanced at the marsh.

As for the marsh recovering slowly after being melted, he had a solution.

"Freeze it with the power of the Sundial!"

Xu Qing narrowed his eyes. After experiencing the reversal of time under the marsh, he had a certain degree of confidence that this could be done. Hence, there was only one last issue left.

"How to make the flame burn more powerfully!"

Xu Qing looked at the incense burner. With a wave of his hand, he took out a piece of Crimson Goddess' flesh.

"The flesh of the Crimson Goddess can provide fuel for the incense burner. In theory, it can also augment the brown flame…"

At the thought of this, Xu Qing took a deep breath and took out the third wisp of brown flame. He controlled this flame and slowly put it close to the Crimson Goddess' flesh.

Xu Qing was extremely solemn as he did this.

This was his last hope. If he failed, he had no other ways left. He could only use all the flesh of the Crimson Goddess to see if he could break out of the Jiuli Forbidden.

Hence, under his full attention, the flame came into contact with the flesh of the Crimson Goddess.

The moment they came into contact, Xu Qing was prepared for an accident. However, luck seemed to have finally favored him after a series of reversals.

The instant the Crimson Goddess' flesh came into contact with the fire, sizzling sounds rang out. The Crimson Goddess' flesh actually showed signs of burning and melting.

As for that brown flame, it wasn't extinguished. Instead, under the continuous burning, the signs of the Crimson Goddess' flesh melting grew larger and larger.

Finally, a drop of golden oil-like liquid seeped out of the Crimson Goddess' flesh.

This oil was crystal clear. The moment it appeared, it emitted a dense god's aura that attracted the gray fog.

Xu Qing was about to take the drop of golden liquid away but after some thought, he chose to continue controlling the brown flame to burn. Very soon, the drop of golden liquid that had melted out continued to accumulate and fell to the marsh ground.

At the next instant, the marsh melted rapidly like when the fire came into contact with it, causing the drop of golden liquid to sink.

Seeing this, Xu Qing's spirits were lifted. Although there were some deviations from his plan, it was moving in the same direction. Hence, he didn't hesitate at all and continued to let the fire burn the flesh.

Very soon, when the first drop of golden liquid sank to thousands of feet and was about to dissipate when it was enveloped by the gray fog and the small hole it pierced through was about to close, the second drop of golden liquid fell!

At the same location and through the same small hole, the second drop of golden liquid shattered through all the mud instantly like a hot knife through butter. It fused with the first drop of liquid that was about to dissipate thousands of feet below, increasing its momentum.

The ground trembled.

After the golden liquid under thousands of feet was assisted, it emitted an even denser divine aura. They continued to sink, directly reaching a depth of 7,000 feet.

After that, the third drop, the fourth drop, and the fifth drop of golden liquid landed according to the same method.

The passage continued to open and the liquid continued to gather until it finally penetrated the 10,000-foot-long layer of marsh, forming a small hole that connected the surface to the bottom.

The instant this small hollow hole appeared, Xu Qing performed a sequence of hand seals with his left hand and pointed. Immediately, the Sundials emerged behind him. The freezing power instantly erupted and spread along the small hole, causing the recovery of the passage to pause for a moment.

Taking advantage of this time, madness appeared in Xu Qing's eyes. His cultivation and divine source erupted at once and the fourth god form instantly formed. He performed a series of hand seals with both hands and pressed toward the small hole.

The realm of heaven and earth was likened to a well.

In an instant, a vast force spread out in front of Xu Qing and ripples appeared in the surroundings. Everything became the surface of water.

Through this small hollow hole, it connected to the cavern ten thousand feet below and reflected everything inside on the surface of the water.

This time around, although it wasn't particularly clear, it was much better than before. At the very least… the skull closest to the small hole was reflected in Xu Qing's eyes.

However, Xu Qing's actions were essentially like a mayfly shaking a tree. He had used the golden oil to open the passageway and maintain it with the help of the Sundials.

However, it was still unstable in the end. At that moment, cracks emerged on the Sundials. The gray fog in the cave also pounced over like an ocean, about to completely drown the passage.

At this critical moment, Xu Qing lifted his right hand and scooped fiercely at the skull reflected in the water in front of him!

With this scoop, Xu Qing's entire body trembled. The strong resistance emitted by it prevented him from fishing it out and he even spat out a mouthful of blood from the backlash.

There were even more cracks on the Sundials.

The gray fog became increasingly dense.

The passage was about to close.

Xu Qing's eyes were bloodshot as he gritted his teeth fiercely. He spared no expense and scooped again!

This time, his entire body rumbled and lacerations emerged on his body. Blood flowed out of his entire body and his entire body seemed to be about to collapse.

Finally, his trembling right hand scooped out a pool of water from the surface of the water.

There was a skull reflected in the water!

The moment he fished it out, Xu Qing's Sundials couldn't hold on anymore and disappeared. As for that passage, it was also washed in by the dense fog. No matter how the golden liquid landed, it couldn't stop it from closing.

Xu Qing spat out another mouthful of blood. The injuries all over his body were serious and his vision was blurry. However, he was excited as he looked at his broken right hand.

However, with a glance, Xu Qing's expression changed.

The skull reflected in the water stain on his right hand was quickly blurring, as though it would dissipate very soon.

He couldn't truly retain it, so he couldn't make it materialize!

Xu Qing was anxious. Seeing that the reflection of the skull in the water was about to completely dissipate, madness emerged in his eyes. He directly opened his mouth and sucked, swallowing the water in his palm along with the reflection inside. At the same time, he triggered his purple crystal.

The instant it entered his mouth, Xu Qing's body rumbled. A force of self-destruction rose uncontrollably. Just as it was about to erupt, a purple light shone from his chest and covered his entire body, followed by sealing power.

At the same time, an ancient voice that seemed to carry reluctance and bitterness, and separated by endless years, echoed in Xu Qing's mind.

"Father Magus, Li has let down our Mystic Heaven Great Magus Race!"































































As this bitter voice appeared, waves stirred in Xu Qing's mind. A memory that didn't belong to him appeared in his mind.

This memory was fragmented and incoherent, like a puzzle.

Because it lacked a lot of details, even when it surfaced in Xu Qing's mind, it was still difficult for him to piece together intact answers.

Only a relatively clear understanding was revealed from this memory fragment.

Countless years ago, during the era of the Ancient Sovereign Mystic Nether, when the gods had not descended on Wanggu, Flame Moon Mystic Heaven had another name.

This race's former name was… the Mystic Heaven Great Magus Race!

It was one of the most important allies under the command of the Ancient Sovereign Mystic Nether.

It was also the race with the most support from the human race.

They had an extremely close relationship with the human race and fully supported the Ancient Sovereign Mystic Nether to ascend the throne and unify Wanggu.

In fact, during the era of the Ancient Sovereign Mystic Nether, the Ancient Sovereign and the Ancestral Magus had bonds forged in life and death. Before they reached the pinnacle of their achievements, they were partners and close friends, saving each other's lives many times.

That Ancestral Magus's strength was astonishing. He could be said to be Mystic Nether's right-hand man. He had made a great contribution to unifying Wanggu for the Ancient Sovereign.

The only son of the Ancestral Magus was named by the Ancient Sovereign Mystic Nether.

This realization surfaced in the memory fragments and was reflected in Xu Qing's perception, causing his heart to shake. His closed eyes suddenly opened, revealing a bewildered expression.

"Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race, Mystic Heaven Great Magus Race…"

Xu Qing's breathing hastened slightly. Regardless of whether he was in the imperial capital or in the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race, he had never seen an introduction to this history.



Now that he recalled it, the records of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race and the human race could only be traced back to the great defeat during the Human Emperor Eastern Triumph's Era. There were no records of the history before that.

It was as though both sides had unknowingly erased the history of the Ancient Sovereign Mystic Nether Era.

However, no one thought of it, no one paid attention, and no one tried to look into it. It was as though the blank history was reasonable.

This was extremely bizarre.

"Cognition is affected!"

These words instantly appeared in Xu Qing's mind.

"To be able to affect the two races for such a long time… it must be the power of the gods."

Xu Qing remained silent as he thought of the three gods of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race.

He carefully sorted out the memory fragments that appeared in his mind after he fished out the skull. Although it was still difficult to grasp the details, he had an additional guess about the Jiuli Forbidden.

"There's a high chance that the Father Magus mentioned in that sentence is the close friend of the Ancient Sovereign Mystic Nether, the Ancestral Magus."

"The son of the Ancestral Magus is called Li…"

"This name was given by the Ancient Sovereign Mystic Nether, and this is the land of Jiuli."

Xu Qing's heart churned.

"Is Jiuli not a ferocious beast… but the son of the Ancestral Magus of the Mystic Heaven Great Magus Race?"

"In that case, him saying he has let down the Mystic Heaven Great Magus Race…"

Xu Qing lowered his head and looked at the marsh under him. His gaze seemed to be able to penetrate ten thousand feet and see the seal below.

"Is that mountain of ashes formed by Jiuli's corpse?"

Xu Qing fell silent and curious about this land of Jiuli.

A while later, he retracted his thoughts and sensed his purple crystal. In this crystal, a skull appeared, shining with a strange light.

Xu Qing narrowed his eyes and lifted his head to look at the bronze incense burner above his head. Very soon, he made a decision.

 He waved his hand fiercely, instantly dissipating the smoke rings emitted by the bronze incense burner.

The smoke ring's isolation power also disappeared.

The gray fog that filled the surroundings instantly pounced over.

However, a bizarre scene appeared.

After the fog got close to Xu Qing, although the suppression on the god's power and cultivation base was still terrifying, the invasion on Xu Qing's body and soul actually decreased!

However, the feeling of karma was even more intense, causing Xu Qing's connection with this place to be incomparably close. It was as though they were becoming one and were inseparable.

Xu Qing sensed for a long time and a sharp glint appeared in his eyes. He lifted his hand and pointed at the bronze incense burner. The smoke rings landed and the isolation formed again. His divine power and cultivation base became active again.

"This gray fog from the Jiuli is incomparably domineering and rejects all foreign energies, causing all cultivators who arrive to be unable to leave after stepping in."

"However, after I fused with a skull, I'm no longer completely different from the gray fog here. So… I'm considered to have half the same source?"

"Then, if I can fish out all nine skulls and completely resemble the same source as the gray fog, the gray fog will no longer be a restriction to me."

"Although that will deepen the karma between me and this place, and the gray fog won't let me leave…"

"What if I leave with the gray fog?!"

Xu Qing mumbled. After that, he closed his eyes again and began to recuperate.

Just like that, time flowed by. A few days later, Xu Qing opened his eyes and sensed that there were fewer cracks on his Sundials. He also sensed that Fishing the Moon From the Well could be activated again.

Hence, he didn't hesitate at all. He stood up and walked to the area on the marsh which was above the second skull according to his memory.

Over there, he lifted his hand and performed a series of hand seals. The brown flame appeared once again and burned the flesh of the Crimson Goddess. Very soon, droplets of liquid fell and the marsh melted, revealing a small hole.

After having a successful experience, it was much easier for Xu Qing to repeat his previous success.

Although the consumption of the Sundials and the effect on his body still existed, after the ten thousand-foot-long passage was formed and Fishing the Moon From the Well was activated, the world rumbled. A second skull appeared in the water he fished out with his right hand.

He swallowed it and activated the purple crystal's power to seal it.

The memory storm emerged in his mind again and there were more memory fragments.

Xu Qing suppressed the thought of searching through the memories and closed his eyes to recuperate. Just like that, half a month passed in the blink of an eye.

Although it was inevitable that there would be failures, overall, Xu Qing succeeded most of the time.

There were a total of four skulls in the purple crystal!

The four skulls caused Xu Qing's connection with the Jiuli Forbidden to reach an astonishing level. In fact, he no longer needed the bronze incense burner.

The gray fog here had completely lost its invasion to him. It swam around him and actually gave off an intimate feeling.

He could even use the divine and cultivation power to a certain extent.

This was unprecedented in the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race!

In fact, if Ji Dongzi was here and saw this scene, he would definitely be extremely shocked and wouldn't believe what he saw.

It was truly unbelievable!

However… this was Xu Qing's limit.

This was because the brown flame had finally extinguished after burning for more than half a month.

Without the fire, it was impossible to burn the Crimson Goddess' flesh to form the golden liquid that could melt the marsh.

Unless Xu Qing could think of another way, if he wanted to continue, he could only personally sink into the mud.

However, after some thought, he still gave up on this thought.

As he could be uttered to be of the same source as this place, Xu Qing had a premonition that once he entered 10,000 feet below the marsh, he would probably be instantly judged as Jiuli by the shrine there…

He would then be suppressed.

At that time, there would be no hope at all.

As for how to continue, Xu Qing didn't think about it for the time being.

This was because the memory fragments contained in the four skulls kept piecing together in his mind until a piece of history that had been hidden for countless years and the mystery that was concealed by the gods raised a corner.

The wind of the ancient era blew.

It was the story after the Ancient Sovereign Mystic Nether left.

The Ancestral Magus of the Mystic Heaven Great Magus Race rejected the invitation of his close friend, Mystic nether, and refused to leave Wanggu, his hometown.

The two sides had a rare disagreement when it came to facing the gods.

The moment the Ancient Sovereign left and the god's fragmented-face arrived, the world turned dark and blurry. Accompanying the fragmented-face were numerous terrifying gods.

That day, the Heavenly Dao cried and all living beings wailed.

These gods scattered in the Wanggu Continent. Some landed in the territories of the races that stayed behind and some in secret realms, each causing a calamity.

One of them, which watched like a spider, walked out of the fragmented-face.

Its level was astonishing, surpassing most of the gods.

Wherever It passed, the gods would lower Their heads.

Its target was clear. That was… the Mystic Heaven Great Magus Race.

It wanted to enslave this race and become their faith.

The Mystic Heaven Great Magus Race wasn't willing to be slaves. Under the lead of the Mystic Heaven Ancestral Magus, they didn't hesitate to risk their lives to fight against the gods.

In this battle, the world was covered in blood and the great region collapsed.

As a close friend of Mystic Nether, the strength of the Mystic Heaven Ancestral Magus was naturally terrifying, and his clan members were equally formidable. Their sorcery differed from that of cultivators, with some transforming into giants and others into huge beasts.

That battle was earth-shattering.

Countless people from the Mystic Heaven Great Magus Race died, and the gods… also fell. Many of Them were killed and Their corpses fell to the ground.

In the end, the Ancestral Magus sacrificed his life to heavily injure the spider-form god worshiped by the gods and died, transforming into God Killing Array, sealing off all divine power and enveloping his race to protect it.

Before he died, he passed the position of the Ancestral Magus to his only son, allowing him to uphold the faith of the Mystic Heaven Great Magus Race and fight against the gods for the race!

His son was called Jiuli.

Jiuli was heartbroken, but in this era, in this world filled with gods, he didn't only inherit the position of the Ancestral Magus and the faith of his race, but he also inherited responsibility.

Hence, he led the remaining great magi of the race and continued to fight against the gods outside the God Killing Array without retreating.

To the Mystic Heaven Great Magus Race, Jiuli was a qualified Ancestral Magus.

This was because under his and all the great magi's resistance against the gods, they continued to survive. In the territory of the Mystic Heaven Great Magus Race, which was enveloped by the God Killing Array, the race obtained time to rest and recuperate.

Gradually, a new generation of magi began to appear. Among them, one had peerless aptitude and even possessed the demeanor of a leader.

Because the Ancestral Magus stayed out to battle, he was almost only a legend. Moreover, the race had to adapt to the changing times. Thus, this highly anticipated figure, who had risen to prominence within the clan, became the first Great Magistrate of the Mystic Heaven Great Magus Race.

Ancestral Magus governed the sky, managing heavenly fate.

The patriarch governed the earthly, managing mortal authority.

Thus, it was called the Great Magistrate.

At this point, the memory was interrupted.

Xu Qing opened his eyes with a complicated expression. This was because he pondered of the information he had seen about Jiuli in the holy city.

"The name of the ferocious beast ranked first in the Mountains and Seas Region is Jiuli!

This beast's status in the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race was very special. This was because in the history of the Flame Moon Race, there had only been one time when Jiuli was subdued.

That was the first patriarch of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race back then. He was also the one who led the rise of this race and unified the Great Magistrates.

His mount was the Jiuli.































































Xu Qing remained silent.

Through the history pieced together by these memory fragments, he understood why there were so many corpses in the Mountains and Seas Region, and he also grasped the events that had occurred in this race's past.

The premise being that all of this was real.

If this history were indeed true, then the irony compared to the claims of the current Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race would be extremely strong.

The Ancestral Magus who died in battle to protect the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race was hidden in history.

The inheritor of his will, his son Jiuli was vilified and turned into a mount.

The role of the supposed Flame Moon Mystic Heaven's leader who unified the Great Magistrates, the Mystic Heaven Cultivator who could only grow up due to the protection of the Jiuli, became intriguing in this context.

Xu Qing sighed softly.

His heart told him that this was actually true.

Even though it wasn't his race, through those memory fragments, he seemed to have experienced the past years, empathizing with it, and stepping into history.

"So, how did Jiuli perish, what specific actions did that Great Magistrate take, when did the Mystic Heaven Great Magus Race change its name to the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race, and… what connection do the Sun, Moon, and Star Gods have with the history of this race…"

"These answers are in the memories of the remaining five skulls."

Xu Qing stared at the mud.

However, now that the brown flame had been extinguished, there was no way to continue burning the Crimson Goddess' flesh. Moreover, after such a consumption, there wasn't much flesh left.

"There are only six pieces left."

Xu Qing mumbled. He sensed the four skulls that appeared in the purple crystal and also sensed his incomparably close connection with this Jiuli Land.



Right now, he no longer needed the bronze incense burner.

The gray fog didn't invade him anymore. With a thought, he could control this gray fog.

In fact, the troubles he faced had also disappeared.

He clearly determined that if he wanted to leave, the gray fog would move with him.

However, there were flaws in this departure.

His cultivation and divine power were still rejected.

Unless he gave up on his cultivation and the power of the gods and accepted the gray fog fully, allowing the gray fog to fuse into his body and soul, sinking to his origin and becoming a part of him.

"At that time, I'll no longer be a god or a cultivator but… a magus!"

Xu Qing lifted his head and looked at the horizon.

He was both unfamiliar and familiar with magi. He was unfamiliar because he had never come into contact with them before, but he was familiar with them because this gray fog was the origin of magi. The four skulls he had fused into were, in a sense, the inheritance of Jiuli.

However, this wasn't the path he wanted to take.

"The Ancestral Magus could only heavily injure that powerful god at the cost of his life."

Xu Qing narrowed his eyes and looked at the mud, thinking of a solution.

He had actually thought of a method, but this method required five skulls to activate.

He was short of one.

After pondering for a moment, Xu Qing suddenly spoke.

"Little Shadow."

There were no fluctuations under his feet, nor were there any emotions emitted. Little Shadow seemed to be dead.

Xu Qing was calm. He waited for three breaths before speaking again.

 "If you don't come out now, you don't have to come out in the future too."

As soon as Xu Qing said this, a faint shadow appeared on the mud under him. Weak fluctuations rippled.

"Go dive 10,000 feet, and form a conduit that I can cast my spell through."

Little Shadow immediately sent anxious emotions. Countless rejections were transmitted to Xu Qing's mind.

"I'll control the gray fog to not interfere with you."

After Xu Qing finished speaking, he waved his hand and the gray fog in the surroundings churned according to his thoughts. The sensation of it being controlled freely was very obvious.

Upon seeing this scene, Little Shadow's anxiety decreased a little. It was the same for his rejection.

"After this is done, I'll give you a piece of Crimson Goddess' flesh."

Xu Qing's voice was calm.

The flesh of the Crimson Goddess was something Little Shadow yearned for extremely. In the past, it could only watch helplessly as Xu Qing absorbed them. It couldn't even smell it.

Hence, after hearing Xu Qing's promise, it clearly hesitated. Its anxiety and rejection decreased again.

"If you don't listen, then there's no need for our master-servant relationship to continue."

Xu Qing's voice contained a hint of coldness that landed in Little Shadow's heart, causing his entire body to tremble. Eventually, under the influence of rewards and life-and-death choices, a sense of determination emanated from its emotional fluctuations.

In order to survive and for the flesh, it let out a deep roar like a ferocious beast and charged into the mud.

At the next instant, the shadow sank by a thousand feet. The gray fog in the surroundings was about to approach but under Xu Qing's interference, they quickly dissipated. Hence, the Little Shadow's descent was much smoother than before.

Very soon, it arrived at the 8,000 feet mark.

However, here, Xu Qing could clearly sense the sealing power from below.

That power was currently in a deep sleep but he could sense that once his aura came into contact with the seal, it would immediately be suppressed.

Hence, he didn't dare to release his aura too much to interfere with the spread of the gray fog.

Little Shadow's descent gradually slowed down and wails rang out.

However, it was still better than its previous state. Little Shadow used all its strength and risked being invaded by the gray fog to sink to more than 9,000 feet. But here, it looked like it had no strength left.

After all, it had split into too many parts previously and had yet to recover.

Seeing this, Xu Qing suddenly spoke.

"Two pieces of Crimson Goddess' flesh!"

When this voice landed in Little Shadow's mind, it trembled and erupted with crazed emotions. Under such a heavy reward, it was stimulated and ruthlessly rushed down.

With a boom, it directly penetrated 10,000 feet and arrived at the cavern under the marsh.

Here, Xu Qing could no longer interfere. Hence, when the fog swept over greatly, Little Shadow's wails became increasingly tragic.

Xu Qing's expression was solemn. He knew that the opportunity would pass in the blink of an eye. Hence, he didn't hesitate at all. After the Little Shadow pierced through the marsh, he lifted his right hand and Fishing the Moon From the Well was cast.

The ripples of heaven and earth turned into water.

The fifth skull clearly appeared. Xu Qing directly scooped it up.

The moment it was swallowed and sealed in the purple crystal, Little Shadow collapsed.

It looked like it was dead however there was a trace of it crawling out of the marsh thirty feet below Xu Qing and returning.

Xu Qing wasn't surprised by this.

Little Shadow was cunning. Although what it uttered before about it dying was true, there were naturally exaggerations. Hence, Xu Qing didn't believe that it would really risk everything.

Hiding a trace of shadow was within his expectations.

However, Little Shadow was indeed almost at its limit. After this trace returned, it was very dim in the purple crystal and was about to fall into a deep sleep.

However, it struggled and didn't fall asleep immediately. Instead, it instinctively emitted a weak fluctuation of emotions toward Xu Qing, as though it wanted to confirm it.

"Flesh…"

Xu Qing nodded and sensed Little Shadow's state. He comprehended that it wasn't important if he had the flesh or not. In any case, it didn't have the strength to eat it.

However, Xu Qing was a kind-hearted person. He felt that there was a need to comfort Little Shadow.

"I'll give them to you when you wake up."

When Little Shadow heard this, it was satisfied and fell asleep.

As for Xu Qing, he closed his eyes and meditated to recuperate.

A few days later, his eyes suddenly opened, revealing a sharp glint.

Now that he had five skulls, he could use another method to extract the skulls.

This method didn't require melting the marsh to form a tunnel.

Once it was used, it could allow the skulls below to automatically appear in Fishing the Moon From the Well's divine power.

"I will believe in Eldest Senior Brother this once!"

Determination appeared in Xu Qing's eyes. The cultivation base in his body rushed into the purple crystal and the crystal shook fiercely.

Immediately, the purple crystal emitted a purple light that penetrated Xu Qing's body. At the same time, the five craniums inside too appeared in this purple light.

They floated above Xu Qing's head and arranged into a pentagon.

Looking at the five skulls, Xu Qing performed a series of hand seals with both hands and chanted.

Very soon, circles of ripples spread out from one of the skulls, followed by the second, third…

Finally, the five craniums emitted ripples at the same time and collided with each other. It became increasingly intense, forming a black vortex.

Looking at the vortex, Xu Qing let out a shout.

"The soul of heaven and earth, origin descent."

His voice carried an ancientness that echoed through the world.

The moment it was transmitted, the vortex rotated increasingly intensely. Vaguely, four lumps of gray fire appeared in the black vortex as though they were being guided.

Those four lumps of gray fire were the same as the craniums in the purple light!

This spell was none other than the Ruthless Dao of Great Five Bulls Tracing the Origin that Chen Erniu had taught Xu Qing.

The principle was to trace back to the origin and attract items that came from the same source as it.

However, the prerequisite was that he had to have five pieces of the same source first.

At that moment, the instant the four lumps of gray fire appeared, Xu Qing's Fishing the Moon From the Well spell was immediately activated. He grabbed at the vortex and the four lumps of gray fire that were summoned instantly trembled. Three of them left the vortex and were directly extracted.

They were reflected in the water stains on Xu Qing's palm.

Xu Qing was excited. Although he didn't fish out all of them, to be able to fish out three craniums at once was enough to show how astonishing the captain's spell was.

He immediately swallowed the water.

A large number of memory fragments erupted in Xu Qing's mind like a storm, rapidly fusing with the fragments.

The wind of the ages past blew again, like a xun being played, composing a dirge.

The dirge told the tale of the Great Magistrate, who was valued by Jiuli, valued by the clan, and granted the authority to lead the clan within the God Killing Array.

This person was indeed worthy of being a heaven's chosen. Under his leadership, the Mystic Heaven Great Magus Race was united and displayed the momentum of a revival. The new generation too gradually grew and supported him.

This made Jiuli, who was guarding outside, feel gratified. Hence, he no longer paid attention to the clan in the array formation. Instead, he focused all his attention and energy on fighting against the gods.

He had to abide by the will of his father and inherit the spirit of the Mystic Heaven Great Magus Race. He couldn't take half a step back.

Behind him was his race, the clansmen he wanted to protect.

Even if he died in battle in the future, he would have no regrets because he had found an inheritor.

The Great Magistrate he valued and protected was the next Ancestral Magus he had chosen.

Just like that, he, who had nothing to worry about, led the great magi under him and began a long battle of resistance.

As time passed, a blood-red feast prepared by those whom he protected appeared.































































Three thousand years could change many things.

The growth of the new generation of the Mystic Heaven Great Magus Race could reach new heights, especially under the leadership of that Great Magistrate. Under his governance, the race gradually expanded, and strong individuals emerged one after another.

Although the strength of the race still couldn't compare to what it once was, compared to the current state of the Wanggu, it was already quite impressive.

As for the war outside the God Killing Array, it was still continuing.

As that spider-form god fell into a deep sleep, although the gods under him were also powerful, the Ancestral Magus of this generation, Jiuli's aptitude was higher than his father's.

Under his lead, the great magi of the Mystic Heaven Great Magus Race didn't care about their lives or the consequences. They finally repelled the gods who were trying to invade their race.

This was a great victory that could be recorded in history.

While the other races in Wanggu were enduring the calamity of the gods, the Mystic Heaven Great Magus Race successfully repelled the invading gods and protected their homeland.

Hence, in order to celebrate the great victory this time, that Great Magistrate personally ascended the Ancestral Altar, where he knelt before the heavens.

His expression was sincere and excited as he invited the Ancestral Magus and all the great magi who had fought for the race until now to return home.

In order to welcome the Ancestral Magus back home, this Great Magistrate worked with the famed people in the race to set up a feast in the territory of the Mystic Heaven.

On that day, countless clansmen in the race cheered. Together with the Great Magistrate, they shouted the words 'return home'.

These two words resounded through the clouds and spread through the world. It was also heard by Jiuli and his subordinates outside the God Killing Array.

Their emotions fluctuated. After 3,000 years of battle, many of their companions had died. The remaining ones were already exhausted.



If it was any other time, their hearts would still be firm and they wouldn't take half a step back.

However, now that they had obtained a great victory and the gods had retreated, their homesickness grew even more intense.

They also had descendants in the mortal world. They also wanted to step onto their hometown again and see their clansmen whom they had protected for 3,000 years.

However, in the end, Jiuli refused.

He couldn't return with all the great magi at this moment because he wasn't sure if the gods would still counterattack. He wanted to make sure his race was completely safe during his lifetime.

Therefore, he glanced at the races in the God Killing Array with relief and silently retracted his gaze. He sat cross-legged outside the array and continued to protect his race.

Outside his body, a nine-headed dragon manifested and surrounded his race's territory. That was his magus form.

The other great magi also suppressed their homesickness in silence and released their respective magus forms.

From afar, gigantic ferocious beasts continued to protect their land with determination.

Even if they died, they would still die in the war to protect their race. Even if they died, they hoped that their souls could be like their companions who had sacrificed themselves in the past few thousand years and fuse into the God Killing Array.

While alive, they would protect the race.

Even when dead, they would protect it.

Time passed again and another 2,000 years passed.

In the past 2,000 years, although there were occasional incursions by the gods, they found it difficult to infiltrate even the slightest under the protection of Jiuli and the great magi. It was as though in this chaotic world, the territory of the Mystic Heaven Great Magus Race had become a forbidden zone for the gods.

At this moment, the Great Magistrate, who had completely grown up, led the ministers and countless clansmen to step onto the Ancestral Altar again. There, he knelt down and kowtowed to the sky again.

He invited the Ancestral Magus back home.

Countless voices rang out, calling for him to return home.

That was the call of the race, the desire of the race.

Outside the God Killing Array, great magi opened their eyes and stared at their hometown through the array formation.

They looked at the statues built in their hometown. Those were their statues.

5,000 years…

 Finally, their gazes landed on their leader, Jiuli.

Jiuli fell silent for a long time. He opened his eyes and wanted to refuse, but when he looked at his companions beside him and felt their fatigue and thoughts, he couldn't say the words of rejection.

He sighed softly and nodded before standing up.

He brought most of the great magi home.

This was the first time he was leaving the God Killing Array and also the first time returning to his hometown after his father died.

The moment they landed in the territory of the Mystic Heaven, cheers resounded through the world. Countless people knelt down in excitement.

Looking at these, Jiuli's heart stirred. His 5,000 years of fatigued body felt warmth as he landed on the ground.

However, he never expected that the race he trusted fully, the clansmen he had protected for 5,000 years, and the successor he valued greatly, had prepared a blood-red ending for him.

He never came out of this place again…

This was because that was a trap specially prepared for him and the great magi under him. It was a conspiracy that had been planned for thousands of years.

The place that welcomed him and his subordinates became a burial ground.

The person he trusted the most chose to cooperate with the gods and silently set up a divine formation for thousands of years.

This was a killing array, a sealing array, and also a god summoning array.

The moment Jiuli and his subordinates arrived, the array formation was activated.

That day, the entire land was turned blood red.

That day, the God Killing Array that had protected the Mystic Heaven Great Magus Race collapsed.

That day, the spider-form god, who had recovered to a certain extent, arrived again. At the same time, Its subordinate gods also arrived.

That day, the wails and frenzied roars from the Mystic Heaven land spread in all directions.

Death became the main theme in this place.

Jiuli's heart was filled with grief, indignation, and madness. The feeling of being stabbed in the back by the people he protected made him bitter, confused, and furious.

However, the outcome was already decided!

Without the God Killing Array, in addition to the cooperation from the inside and the cold help of those clansmen, all the great magi under him died tragically one after another. Even though he erupted with everything he had, he could only heavily injure the spider-form god again.

He perished in this blood-red betrayal.

His corpse was sealed in the depths of the ground, suppressed by the spider-form god, absorbing his flesh and blood to restore Itself.

The blood, flesh, and shattered souls of his dead subordinates filled the surroundings and fused into this land.

The array formation here still didn't dissipate and became eternal…

The ancient wind gradually left, and the xun's tune that accompanied the dirge also disappeared.

Xu Qing opened his eyes.

The resentment from the memory fragments and the pain of being betrayed by the trusted people rose in his heart.

This wasn't his emotion but it was extremely intense.

He knew that this emotion came from Jiuli.

Xu Qing remained silent and slowly calmed his mind. After a long time, he suppressed these emotions from Jiuli, his expression turning a little complicated.

Although he had already guessed it previously, now that he had truly sensed the history of the memory fragments, he had a deeper sentiment towards Jiuli, towards this land.

Although Jiuli's memories ended at the moment of death, Xu Qing could imagine what happened after that.

Many years after Jiuli died, ferocious beasts appeared at the place of his death under the nourishment of the flesh, blood, and souls of those great magi.

They had different forms but they were all filled with viciousness, malevolence, and incomparable ferocity.

This was because resentment was their core.

Regardless of their forms, they had similar origins as those great magi.

In their magus forms, they looked like ferocious beasts.

Hence, this place that used to be the land of authority had another name.

Mountains and Seas Region.

Xu Qing finally understood the origins of the ferocious beasts in the Mountains and Seas Region.

At that moment, he looked around at the place where this race used to live.

A long time later, Xu Qing took a deep breath and erased the last trace of emotion from Jiuli in his heart.

He was Xu Qing, not Jiuli.

The instant it was erased, Xu Qing's expression returned to calm. However, he still had a doubt.

According to the memory fragments, the spider god chose to seal Jiuli's corpse and absorb his energy to recover Itself.

However, what Xu Qing saw was that the spider god was sealed by the Sun, Moon, and Star Gods.

"There are other events in the future… When did the three gods arrive?"

After a while, Xu Qing stopped thinking about this matter. This was because the most important thing now was to take out the last skull.

Although eight skulls already gave him the qualifications to leave and store the gray fog, since he had already taken out eight, Xu Qing didn't want to give up on the ninth one.

If he was doing it, he had to do it to the end.

A dark glint flashed in Xu Qing's eyes as he performed a series of hand seals with both hands. Immediately, the purple crystal shook and light shot out. Eight skulls danced inside and arranged themselves, forming Chen Erniu's array formation.

However, this time, he didn't extract it with five. Instead, he used the eight skulls to guide the last one!

Very soon, the eight skulls emitted ripples that collided with each other, forming a black vortex that reflected the ninth skull.

Xu Qing immediately performed another series of hand seals. The divine power of Fishing the Moon From the Well spread out. The instant the world transformed into a well, he lifted his hand and scooped the water up.

However, the instant he came into contact with the ninth skull, an astonishing fluctuation suddenly spread out from ten thousand feet below the marsh.

The shrine ten thousand feet below trembled intensely and a terrifying aura rose.

This aura was earth-shattering. The instant it appeared, the entire Jiuli Forbidden trembled. It even affected the outside world and spread to the entire Mountains and Seas Region.

In an instant, the Mountains and Seas Region rumbled. The color of the world changed and anomalous substances rose, blurring and distorting, occupying everything.

It was as though the fragmented-face had opened Its eyes!

Countless ferocious beasts in this large region trembled. Their eyes were red and they let out wails and roars filled with resentment.

Regardless of their cultivation levels, unprecedented fear rose in the hearts of the hundreds of thousands of Flame Moon cultivators hunting here. Their expressions changed drastically, not knowing what had happened.

Ji Dongzi was among them. At this moment, he was flying. Under this sudden change, his figure suddenly stopped. His breathing was hurried and his expression instantly changed. After sensing, he suddenly looked at the Jiuli Forbidden.

He might sense that the source of this fluctuation was in the Jiuli!

If it was any other time, he wouldn't think too much about it. However, what appeared in his mind now was the scene of Xu Qing stepping into Jiuli.

An indescribable uneasiness rose.































































The sky of the entire Mountains and Seas Region turned blurry. As the wind and clouds surged, the ground rumbled. Countless ferocious beasts roared.

Their voices fused together and finally resounded through the clouds, causing the color of the sky to change.

That roar was accompanied by sorrowful wails that were filled with heart-rending resentment.

It was as though they were blaming the heavens for being unfair and the land for being corrupted!

They were blaming their race for betraying them and blamed themselves for their foolish loyalty!

All of this seemed to have existed in the depths of the souls of these ferocious beasts and within their bloodline inheritances. hidden away to the point where even they themselves couldn't perceive it. Now, due to the changes in the Mountains and Seas Region, and the presence of the formidable foe, these emotions instinctively surfaced.

The expressions of the cultivators in the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race's Grand Hunt kept changing. Some were surprised, some were horrified, and some were shocked. All kinds of emotions erupted in their hearts like a storm.

"What's going on?!"

"Why is the Mountains and Seas Region suddenly like this?!"

"These ferocious beasts seem to have been greatly stimulated!"

It wasn't just the ordinary cultivators who were shocked. The great heaven's chosen of Flame Moon in the Mountains and Seas Region were the same.

Ji Dongzi's heart palpitated as he looked at Jiuli Forbidden. At the same time, in another area, Fan Shishuang, who was sitting cross-legged and meditating with a calm expression, suddenly opened his eyes. His expression changed and he quickly turned to look at Jiuli Forbidden.

Gradually, his expression turned solemn and his eyes narrowed.

"The source comes from Jiuli!"

"What… happened there?"



An uneasy feeling rose in Fan Shishuang's heart. Regardless of whether it was his experience or what he had heard, this scene had never appeared before.

There was also Tian Mozi and Tuoshi Shan. They were all different. A similar storm rose in their minds and they were shocked by the fluctuations produced by Jiuli.

The feeling of uneasiness spread even more.

At the same time, in the lower-ring region of the Mountains and Seas Region, in Shanchi's territory, a figure was running rapidly.

This figure was extremely fast but if one took a closer look, for some reason, they would feel that it was vulgar.

It was Erniu.

He also sensed this vast fluctuation. As he sped, he looked at the sky and made a guess.

"Why do I feel that it has something to do with Junior Brother?"

Erniu blinked and thought to himself that since his junior brother didn't come to meet up, could it be that he had discovered a better treasure…

Just as he was thinking, a sharp whistling sound rang out from behind him. A youth with a jade-like face rushed out of the jungle behind Erniu.

Even though the world had changed, nothing seemed to be important in the eyes of this youth. Only Erniu in front of him was the only one in his eyes.

Hence, after he appeared, he continued to give chase.

If other Flame Moon cultivators were here, they would definitely recognize that this youth was the number one heaven's chosen of Flame Moon, the high and mighty Flame Mystic!

As the number one heaven's chosen, his status and identity were extremely high. No one in his generation dared to provoke him, so there weren't many cases of him chasing someone.

However, such a scene appeared here.

Most importantly, the clothes of Flame Mystic, who had appeared here, were a little disheveled. His expression was gloomy and his eyes contained killing intent, as though he was irreconcilable with Erniu.

Such a thing was rare.

"Yanzi, why do you have to chase after a man like me? My heart belongs to someone else. You should give up."

Erniu's voice was despicable and filled with emotion.

With that, his body swayed and he entered the rainforest again. However, madness appeared in his eyes.

 When Flame Mystic, who was behind him, heard this, his eyes turned bloodshot and his killing intent became even more violent. He gritted his teeth and chased after him.

Just like that, waves and storms appeared in the entire Mountains and Seas Region.

At the core of this storm, in Jiuli Region, Xu Qing's heart was also rumbling. The tremors from the shrine ten thousand feet below the marsh and the terrifying aura made him feel like a lone boat in the raging waves, feeling as though he would collapse and shatter into pieces at any moment.

Clearly, fishing out the last skull had touched the root cause of this matter, causing the changes in the shrine.

If he wanted to neutralize it, it was actually very simple. He just needed to give up on fishing.

However, he had already obtained eight. He was only missing this last one to complete it, and he was unwilling to give it up.

This was especially so since he had a strong premonition that if he could fish out the ninth skull, there was a high chance that there would be some mystical changes between the nine skulls.

He couldn't sense what this change was but he felt that it was definitely not small.

However, the price of obtaining it was a little high.

Once he forcefully took it, it would definitely stimulate an even more terrifying aura to appear in the shrine.

Facing a god that surpassed the Crimson Goddess, Xu Qing was very clear that he didn't have the slightest resistance.

If it was before he understood the history of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race, he would naturally choose to give up without hesitation.

After all, survival was the most important thing.

However… his understanding of the history of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race caused Xu Qing to have a faint judgment that it wasn't that he couldn't snatch food from the tiger's mouth!

Hence, he quickly weighed the pros and cons as the situation ten thousand feet below the marsh surfaced in his mind.

"The shrine was suppressed by the three gods… Its trembling will definitely trigger the seals of the three gods!"

"From the past history, there is something between the three gods and this spider god…"

At the thought of this, determination appeared in Xu Qing's eyes. There was also a hint of madness like Erniu's.

Sometimes, one couldn't follow the rules too much in life. One needed to take a gamble!

Fishing the Moon From the Well was collapsing under the influence of this aura. Even Erniu's array formation was the same. The opportunity was about to disappear in the blink of an eye.

Xu Qing no longer hesitated. All his cultivation and divine power at the same time, transforming into a huge force that fused into Fishing the Moon From the Well's divine art. Xu Qing decisively scooped up the last skull.

The sound of water splashing could be heard and Xu Qing's entire body trembled. This forceful fishing caused many parts of his body to collapse. There were countless wounds on his entire body and he was covered in blood.

However, after paying such a price, the ninth skull clearly appeared in the water stain on his raised right hand.

The instant he took it out, Xu Qing swallowed it without hesitation. At the same time, his body rapidly rose into the air, wanting to escape.

However, even more violent fluctuations surged into the sky from under the marsh.

Accompanied by a sense of recovery, it spread out completely.

The sky shattered and the ground collapsed.

It was as though doomsday had descended!

A murmur that seemed to come from ancient times echoed from the depths of the ground. The marsh was affected and as it trembled, it formed a huge vortex.

This vortex rumbled and rotated, stirring up all the marsh. At first, it was a little slow and was only tens of thousands of feet in size. However, in the blink of an eye, it was extremely astonishing, reaching hundreds of thousands of feet.

Finally, it covered the entire Jiuli Land and rotated faster and faster, causing mud to splatter in all directions.

The scene 10,000 feet under the marsh was instantly revealed in the vortex.

The cavern was revealed!

The shrine was also revealed, and it was rising!

The light emitted by it illuminated the sky. The gray fog of Jiuli began to dissipate.

The monstrous fluctuations erupting from this shrine sent the murmurs inside to every corner of the Mountains and Seas Region.

In an instant, the ferocious beasts' wails and roars became even more intense and the cultivators' souls trembled intensely.

The Mountains and Seas Region… completely erupted!

As for the spider statue at the source, its aura rose amidst the rumbling of the world. The signs of revival were even more obvious.

The power of the Sun Flame on Its forehead, the traces of the Moon Flame on Its body, and the surrounding Star Flame actually showed signs of being driven out and began to loosen.

Its eyelids were also trembling, as though they were about to open.

When Xu Qing saw this, his breathing became hurried. Right now, his body was above this vortex. As he sped, a large amount of gray fog surged over from everywhere and surrounded him, augmenting him.

However, such an enhancement wouldn't be of much use against the spider god.

Amidst the intense eruption of the revival intent, a huge suction force also rose from within, enveloping Xu Qing, causing him to be unable to continue moving. Instead, he rolled back under the suction force.

It was as though it was impossible for him to leave this place without giving up on the skull.

"Could it be that my judgment was wrong? There is nothing between the three gods and this god?"

At the critical moment, when Xu Qing was facing the choice of whether to give up or not, an unexpected event happened again!

The branch formed by the power of the Sun Flame at the forehead of the spider statue in the shrine suddenly emitted a piercing light after it was forced an inch away.

This light was like the sun, extremely resplendent. As it spread through the world, it gave Xu Qing the feeling that a sun had really appeared on the forehead of the spider statue.

A painful wail rang out from the spider statue.

When it landed in Xu Qing's ears, his mind rumbled and he spat out a mouthful of blood, unable to withstand it.

Fortunately, the gray fog had completely fused with Xu Qing because the nine skulls in Xu Qing's purple crystal were intact. It whistled through the air and neutralized it.

At the same time, the four spears formed by the power of the Moon Flame on the spider statue became sharp. A cold feeling spread out and overlapping shadows appeared on them, forming another four spears that pierced the statue.

The wails became even more heart-rending.

There were also the eight clay jars from the Star Flame that seemed to have become heavier as they pressed down fiercely.

The vortex instantly paused. The shrine that was about to rise inside trembled intensely. Under the power of the three gods, it couldn't continue and could only land back in the cavern.

The suction force also disappeared.

Xu Qing's entire body was trembling. During the wails of the spider god earlier, he endured immense pain. His body continued to collapse and his soul dimmed.

If it wasn't for the protection of the gray fog, his body and soul would probably have been destroyed. At this moment, he forcefully pulled himself together and used all his strength to fly away.

He finally left the range of the vortex and appeared thousands of feet away.

Without any hesitation, Xu Qing bit the tip of his tongue, clearing his unconscious mind a little as he continued speeding.

When he flew 50 kilometers away, vast tides of ripples spread out behind him, accompanied by three earth-shattering divine pressures.

Xu Qing's breathing paused as he turned his head.

50 kilometers away, above the core of the vortex where the spider shrine was located, a grand scene that shook the world appeared in the sky!

They were three huge shrines that had appeared out of thin air!

One was shaped like a war chariot, enshrining the sun.

One resembled a phoenix palace, enshrining the moon.

One appeared as a red sedan, enshrining the star.

They appeared at the same time and golden light filled the sky.

They pressed down ruthlessly!































































Ripples spread out in all directions.

Xu Qing's entire body emitted countless gray fog.

This origin power of the magi allowed him to withstand the pressure and turn his head to take a look at the scene from this distance.

After a glance, Xu Qing immediately retracted his gaze. He didn't even turn his head as he sped forward.

From afar, one could see a dense gray fog permeating Xu Qing's surroundings. As it churned, it blotted out the sky. With the enhancement, his speed became increasingly astonishing.

More than ten breaths later, when Xu Qing's figure disappeared into the horizon, the fog here had decreased by 30%.

To be precise, it didn't decrease. Instead, 30% of the fog at the core seemed to possess life and flowed into the distance.

As Xu Qing continued forward, the flow became increasingly violent. It was as though the entire fog of Jiuli Forbidden had split into two.

Winds formed by the convection howled through the world.

Four hours later, at the edge of Jiuli Forbidden, the fog suddenly surged violently, billowing outward, breaking through the boundary of Jiuli and appearing in the outside world.

The huge lump of fog rushed out of Jiuli.

The range of this fog was terrifying and it was filled with a vast amount of gray fog. In fact, because the fog was too dense, it formed a huge gray vortex.

If a cultivator was nearby and saw this, they would definitely be shaken.

The aura of this fog vortex was too shocking.

This was the first time the gray fog had appeared outside after the formation of Jiuli Forbidden. Before this, the fog of Jiuli had a boundary and wouldn't spread out at all.

Today, things had changed.



In this fog vortex, there was a figure. It was none other than Xu Qing.

He had successfully left Jiuli Forbidden!

Although the person who entered Jiuli Forbidden would form a karmic tie with the gray fog and be unable to leave, he followed his thoughts and left with the fog…

As for the unforeseen event at the core, he no longer had the time to consider it. The instant he appeared outside, Xu Qing's speed soared again and he flew forward.

He had to find a place to recover from his injuries as soon as possible.

In addition, he still couldn't absorb the gray fog around his body, so it was extremely conspicuous.

This state wasn't conducive to hiding.

In his current state, if he encountered a great heaven's chosen like Ji Dongzi, it would be very disadvantageous.

He needed time to completely retract the gray fog.

Hence, Xu Qing's body swayed and he directly descended from the sky. The moment he landed, he lifted his right foot and stomped fiercely, instantly merging into the ground.

As he continued to sink, he also brought the gray fog outside his body into the ground.

When he sank to more than 10,000 feet, all the gray fog finally entered the ground. From the outside world, there were no longer many traces.

Only then did Xu Qing heave a sigh of relief.

However, he knew that this place was still not safe because it was too close to Jiuli.

Hence, he gritted his teeth and persisted as he continued to advance underground. A day later, he finally found a suitable place to hide.

It was a mountain range in a rainforest.

This mountain range could better hide the gray fog and form a natural barrier.

Hence, under the mountain range, Xu Qing dug out a cave and sat cross-legged to meditate.

"It's meaningless to continue searching for a hiding place. I'm hiding from the other participants in the Grand Hunt, not the three gods…"

 "If the three gods want to find me, then it's the same whether I hide or not in the Mountains and Seas Region."

Xu Qing was aware of this. After weighing the pros and cons in his heart, he closed his eyes. The purple crystal in his body emitted a purple light that enveloped his entire body.

He began to recover.

Time slowly flowed by. Three days later, Xu Qing, who was sitting cross-legged, opened his eyes. His eyes flickered with a resplendent purple light. The wounds on his body had completely healed but his internal injuries had only recovered by about half.

This time, his injuries were too serious.

Even the purple crystal required some time for him to recover to his original state.

However, Xu Qing had already recovered some combat strength.

"Now, I have to keep this gray fog in the purple crystal…"

Xu Qing narrowed his eyes. He knew that the gray fog didn't follow him out but the nine skulls of Jiuli.

Hence, after pondering for a moment, he closed his eyes and fused his senses into the purple crystal, trying all kinds of methods to store the gray fog.

This was a process of exploring Jiuli skulls, so it wasn't very fast. However, as Xu Qing studied the nine skulls in the purple crystal, the gray fog that permeated the soil around him slowly gathered toward him.

Strands of them came from all directions and entered his body, gushing into the purple crystal on his chest through his flesh and blood. However, the process was still a little slow.

Two days later, as the light of the purple crystal shone intensely, Xu Qing abruptly opened his eyes.

"I have finally fused my mark into these nine skulls and can barely be considered to be one with them. They will no longer reject me!"

Xu Qing narrowed his eyes and lifted his right hand to his chest as he spoke in a deep voice.

"Magus source!"

As soon as he finished speaking, nine skulls suddenly appeared amidst the flickering purple light in the surroundings. Each of them was malevolent and at the same time, they emitted a feeling of being from the same source as Xu Qing.

"Return!"

Xu Qing performed a series of hand seals with his right hand and pressed out.

The gray fog that was swimming around him instantly paused. In the next breath, it became violent and crawled crazily out of the soil in all directions, rapidly fusing into the nine skulls.

The fog was getting less and less.

The nine skulls actually grew gray flesh.

In the end, when the fog completely fused into the nine skulls, their appearances also changed greatly.

They became… flesh lanterns!

These nine lanterns were gray in color and looked like they were made of flesh and blood, but in reality, their essence was still gray fog.

At that moment, they floated around Xu Qing, slowly rotating within the purple light.

Xu Qing gazed intently, sensing clearly the kinship between himself and the nine lanterns formed by Jiuli's skulls. However, the connection was faint, and could be erased and stripped away at any time.

Ultimately, he had used the purple crystal to seal them. It wasn't a true integration with himself, thus not wholly belonging to him.

"It can be considered half an external object…"

At the same time, because of the appearance of the ninth skull, the memory fragments in his mind were complete.

A relatively complete history of that era was reflected in Xu Qing's sea of consciousness.

It was similar to his previous guess and judgment. Overall, this was the story of a betrayal.

As for the history after that, it didn't exist in the memory fragments of the skulls.

After all, the memories of these skulls stopped at the moment of Jiuli's death.

There was no answer in the memories about why that Great Magistrate did this.

There was also no answer to how and when the Sun, Moon, and Star gods appeared.

Xu Qing fell silent.

From the current clues, it wasn't difficult to guess the subsequent history.

The three gods might have been on the same side as the spider god.

It was also possible that They appeared later and plundered everything here.

No matter what, one day, a vast divine mountain appeared in the sky of the Mystic Heaven Great Magus Race.

When the mountain landed, the three gods walked out.

It was also because of Their arrival that the Mystic Heaven Great Magus Race changed its name to the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race. Hence, there was a subsequent history and their current glory.

Xu Qing couldn't tell if this was a good or a bad outcome for this race.

If he uttered it was bad, not only did this race survive, but they also reached an astonishing height.

If he uttered it was good, the betrayal hidden in history was ultimately a lamentable act of treachery.

Especially in today's era, Jiuli had been vilified as the mount of that Great Magistrate. Similarly, the fate of the ferocious beasts formed from the bloodline of the deceased great magi who had sacrificed everything for this race was also the same.

This kind of history fabricated by later generations caused Xu Qing to sigh with emotion.

"Only by living can one be qualified to write history."

"This is how that Great Magistrate beautified his own affair, and it is also what the gods are willing to see."

Xu Qing recalled the suppression of the spider shrine by the three gods in the end. He then recalled the captain's spurious smile when he read the information about Jiuli Forbidden in the holy city.

At that time, the captain took out a shrimp and split it in half.

Xu Qing understood that the shrimp was a euphemism for blind. The content was fabricated.

Xu Qing shook his head.

When did the Sun, Moon, and Star gods appear in the Flame Moon and were they related to this conspiracy? This question was meaningless to Xu Qing.

"Now, the most important thing to me…"

"It's how to transform Jiuli sealed in the purple crystal into my combat strength and increase my cultivation!"

"Let them truly fuse with me!"

Xu Qing's expression was decisive. He already had an answer about how to do this.

"I now have three divine repositories and one Emperor Sword secret repository. I'm still lacking one more to reach the great circle of perfection…"

"Originally, it could be formed in the form of Crimson Goddess, but there are hidden dangers."

"But now… if I refine Jiuli into a secret repository, everything will be easily resolved. As the peak of the path of magus, for Jiuli to be valued so much by the spider god, it can be seen that his status is definitely not inferior to Crimson Goddess, and there is even a high probability that he surpasses her."

"It's very suitable to use him as my fifth secret repository. It will be a magus repository!"

"After becoming my magus repository, it will naturally become one with me and won't be stripped away easily. The fog of Jiuli will also become my ability!"

A dark glint materialized in Xu Qing's eyes.

He had an extremely strong feeling about the gray fog. He knew how domineering the will of rejecting gods and cultivation contained in it was.

At the thought of this, Xu Qing stood up with a solemn expression. He then bowed to Jiuli.

This bow was for karma, honoring his glory.

After that, he settled down and closed his eyes to begin refining!

At the same time, in the depths of Jiuli Forbidden that was some distance away from him, the three gods' suppression of the shrine had also ended.

As the three shrines dissipated, the marsh on the ground returned to normal. The fog in the surroundings flowed, covering all traces.

Under the marsh, the seals on the spider god in the shrine transformed even stronger. Its final aura also seemed to show signs of extinguishing.

As for the mountain of ashes below, it was normal and there were no changes.

However, in the depths of the mountain that outsiders couldn't detect, there was a lament that faintly echoed.

A figure was hidden in the mountain of ashes.

This figure exuded an ancient aura.

He didn't shift at all, like a corpse.

However, at this moment, he opened his eyes.

If a cultivator of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race was here and saw this person's appearance clearly, they would definitely be extremely shocked.

This was because his appearance was exactly the same as the Great Magistrate of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race who had been dead for countless years!































































Seven days passed in the blink of an eye.

The fluctuations in the Mountains and Seas Region also calmed down because of the resealing of Jiuli Forbidden.

The ferocious beasts inside no longer wailed. The struggle from their souls and bloodlines gradually dissipated and their bestial nature replaced everything.

However, the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven cultivators who participated in the Grand Hunt couldn't calm down. Different guesses surged in their minds.

Most of them learned of the source of the fluctuations in the Mountains and Seas Region through different methods. Hence, they all avoided it, unwilling to get close to Jiuli.

Even though the mountain range Xu Qing was hiding in was some distance away from Jiuli Forbidden, there weren't many passersby in these seven days.

In addition, he hid very well and the gray fog was completely absorbed by the purple crystal, so no one noticed him.

This caused Xu Qing to be completely immersed in refining Jiuli Magus Repository during these seven quiet days.

If he wanted to completely control Jiuli and make it a part of him, the only way was to refine the skulls into a magus repository.

However, this step wasn't that simple.

The first thing he needed to do wasn't to fuse the nine lanterns floating outside his body into his body one by one. Instead, he had to first build a secret repository foundation that could accommodate the lanterns in his sea of consciousness.

The foundation of this secret repository was especially important. On one hand, it had to be able to withstand the integration of Jiuli. On the other hand, it was also closely related to whether Xu Qing could truly fuse with Jiuli in the end.

Hence, after some thought, Xu Qing made a decision.

Flesh as the foundation, bones as the mountain!



During these seven days, he continuously spent his flesh, causing them to gather in his sea of consciousness and build the foundation of the secret repository.

This process required too much flesh. Under normal circumstances, even if Xu Qing used up all of his flesh, it wouldn't be enough.

Hence, he thought of the white wind in the Green Sand Desert of the Moon Offering Region.

It was a terrifying wind that caused flesh and bones to grow disorderly. Back then, in the Green Sand Desert, anyone who was touched by the white wind would have their flesh deformed until they turned into a mountain of flesh and died.

He had studied this phenomenon and experimented on others. It was once one of the formulas for creating the curse-breaking pill.

At the same time, he knew that the flesh that grew did indeed belong to him.

Hence, after thinking about it, Xu Qing gritted his teeth and started swallowing the remaining white wind pills in his storage bag. His body immediately grew disorderly.

Seven to eight arms, dozens of legs, and many heads all shot out crazily, and his body became bloated and huge.

With the help of the flesh that grew, as Xu Qing consumed them, the foundation of the secret repository in his sea of consciousness gradually took shape.

During this period, he also swallowed a lot of the white wind pills. The disorderly growth of his body also gradually reached an exaggerated level and he turned into a mountain of flesh many times.

He felt a sense of weakness frequently.

Fortunately, with the recovery power of the purple crystal, he could barely persist.

Finally, he formed a land of flesh that was 100,000 feet in size.

This was his limit.

This 100,000-foot-long flesh belonged to him. Using it as the foundation of the secret repository, it naturally came from the same source as him.

In addition, on this 100,000-foot-long land of flesh, Xu Qing's bones were also continuously piling up, forming nine bone mountains.

These nine bones all looked like skulls.

They were created by Xu Qing according to the layout and appearance of the core of Jiuli below 10,000 feet.

The land was his flesh, and the mountain of bones was his bones.

The moment it was formed, Xu Qing opened his eyes under the mountain range.

His face was pale and his body was weak. The spirit in his eyes was also much dimmer. The consumption was too great.

 However, his eyes still contained light.

"I've formed the foundation with my flesh and bones. Next, it's time to fuse them!"

Xu Qing lifted his head and looked at the nine lanterns floating in the surroundings. He then lifted his right hand and pointed at one of them. The instant he pointed, the lantern shook and headed straight for Xu Qing.

The moment it came into contact with his finger, the lantern quickly fused into it and disappeared in front of Xu Qing. When it appeared… it was in his sea of consciousness. On the 100,000 feet of flesh, it fell toward the mountain of bones that was designated to it.

In the blink of an eye, the lantern collided with the mountain of bones. The gray fog inside erupted and fused into the mountain of bones along with the lantern.

The moment it completely fused, the skull mountain quaked. Under the cover of the gray fog, flesh and blood appeared. Two lumps of black fire also rose from the originally empty eye sockets.

After that, a bull-like roar rang out from the skull.

Immediately after, a ferocious beast that looked like a bull but had a golden body, golden armor, and a dragon head appeared. It roared at the sky and let out low voices that was like a god's murmur.

"Magus Life Qiuniu!"

It emitted immense aura and Xu Qing's sea of consciousness fluctuated endlessly.

Its connection with Xu Qing also became one at this moment.

This made Xu Qing immediately realize that this beast named Qiuniu was one of the magus forms of Jiuli back then.

"Nine skulls, nine different magus forms!"

Seeing that it was effective, Xu Qing's mind stirred. As he performed a series of hand seals, he fused the second lantern into his repository. Very soon, a second ferocious beast appeared on another mountain of skulls.

It was a ferocious beast with the body of a dhole and the head of a dragon, exuding a ferocious and cruel aura all over, showing a penchant for killing and fighting, giving off a palpable sense of death.

Especially with its all-black body and overwhelming murderous intent, it engulfed Xu Qing's mind like a peerless weapon of slaughter descending into the world!

Back then, when Xu Qing felt Ji Dongzi's killing intent was already astonishing. However, compared to this ferocious beast, the difference was too great.

At that moment, as killing intent churned, a deep roar echoed.

"Magus Life Yazi!"

"Such killing intent…" Xu Qing's heart trembled as he felt a sense of intimidation.

A long time later, he settled the fluctuations in his sea of consciousness and raised his right hand, pointing at three lanterns.

As the three lanterns fused into him, they landed on the third bone mountain, the fourth bone mountain, and the fifth bone mountain.

An unprecedented storm rose in his sea of consciousness that had just settled down.

The moment the lanterns fused into the bone mountains, three ferocious beasts of different shapes and sizes appeared in unison. Their tyrannical auras erupted like an avalanche.

Xu Qing's body trembled violently and he almost couldn't withstand it. He had no choice but to use the purple crystal to heal himself. He then released his soul threads and directly manifested the third god form before he could persevere.

He then looked at the three ferocious beasts in his sea of consciousness.

One figure appeared blurry at first glance, making it difficult to discern specifics, but he could perceive its speed surpassing imagination. Only by utilizing a series of residual images formed during multiple teleportations could he clearly see its lizard-like wings.

A whistling wind accompanied it, emitting sharp sounds.

"Magus Life Chaofeng!"

As for the fourth beast, resembling a dragon, it was relatively smaller in size compared to the other ferocious beasts. When it appeared, it floated there quietly. However, the moment Xu Qing's consciousness fell upon this beast, the small dragon suddenly raised its head, opened its mouth, and emitted a roar as mighty as the creation of heaven and earth.

"Magus Life Pulao!"

As soon as this roar rang out, Xu Qing's body rumbled. The third god form also became unstable and was almost split open. He quickly formed the fourth god form to endure it.

As for the fifth ferocious beast, it was even more astonishing!

Shaped like a lion, it exuded an aura of smoke and fire, floating atop the fifth skull mountain. It emitted a vast majesty, as if it could suppress everything, be it the heavens or the earth!

Surrounded by the spiraling incense, it was like a true god.

A deep roar echoed in all directions.

"Magus Life Suanni!"

Xu Qing sensed these five ferocious beasts and countless lightning bolts seemed to explode in his mind. The waves in his heart rose even more.

Too strong!

Although he still didn't know their specific abilities, any one of them was even more terrifying than the ghost carriage Xu Qing had seen before from their auras.

After a long time, Xu Qing's eyes revealed anticipation. He settled his sea of consciousness and waited for all the fluctuations to dissipate before pointing at the other lanterns.

Immediately, ghostly flames appeared on the sixth, seventh, and eighth skull mountains one after another, transforming into different beasts.

One beast resembled a dragon-headed turtle body, exuding an earth-shaking dominance. Its body was astonishingly large, and the moment it appeared, Xu Qing's sea of consciousness was filled significantly.

"Magus Life Baxia!"

Another beast had a tiger-like body with enormous fangs. As it manifested, a perceive of sealing spread from its body, affecting Xu Qing's mind and spreading throughout his entire body, extending into the outside world.

This caused this mountain range to directly feel blurry as it was put in a sealed state.

In the seal, murmurs echoed.

"Magus Life Bi'an!"

The eighth beast also had a dragon-like appearance but was slender and exuded an elegant aura. It emitted countless blue light spots as it flew, nourishing Xu Qing's sea of consciousness. It even brought a refreshing sensation to his soul, accompanied by a sense of heaviness, as if adorning his soul with an unparalleled armor.

This was an improvement to the soul. It silently descended.

A strange glint appeared in Xu Qing's eyes. He could perceive this improvement very clearly. The effect… was extremely astonishing.

"It's like the blessing of a god!"

Just as Xu Qing came to a realization, the beast's voice echoed softly.

"Magus Life Fuxi!"

Immediately after, it was the last lantern!

Under Xu Qing's integration, this lantern appeared on the ninth skull mountain. With the trembling of this mountain and the flickering of ghostly flames within the skull, above it, a beast with the head of a dragon, the body of a lion, and the tail of a fish suddenly appeared.

Its emergence didn't bring about any earth-shattering aura or eerie changes, but the moment its gaze met Xu Qing's consciousness, his body visibly trembled.

He felt the injuries he had been steadily recovering from suddenly fully healed, not only his physical body but also his soul threads, as if both were blessed.

What felt most peculiar was that the fluctuations in his sea of consciousness caused by integrating with Jiuli suddenly returned to usual in an instant under the gaze of this beast.

It was as if all negative states dissipated under the creature's gaze.

"Magus Life Chiwen!"

The nine heads of Jiuli fused with Xu Qing's flesh. With Xu Qing's bones as a carrier, all the magus life forms appeared!

At the next instant, the land of the flesh suddenly caved in. Booming sounds and the roars of the nine beasts gathered together, as though they had ignited a vast furnace.

Boom!

The fifth secret repository was formed!

Magus repository!

The aura of the Perfected Spirit Repository rose violently from Xu Qing's body!































































The mountain range quaked and cracks appeared on the rocks. Very soon, the mountain above Xu Qing's cultivation place seemed to be covered by a spider web.

More and more cracks appeared, quickly becoming denser.

Three breaths later, the vast mountain range seemed as if it had always been composed of loose dust. It lost its supporting force and collapsed.

A gust of wind stirred up a dust storm, spreading out in all directions.

At the same time, a terrifying aura spread out from the depths.

This aura carried an extreme domineeringness and the might of a god as it spread out in waves.

Cracks spread on the ground, forming ravines.

At the same time, the rainforest surrounding the mountains shook violently, and in the next moment, all the trees and vegetation withered and became part of the dust storm.

The ferocious beasts within it were no exception, until the impact reached hundreds of kilometers before finally coming to a halt.

At the epicenter of the countless cracks and crevices intersecting with each other in the area where the former mountain was located, the ground had sunken down by thousands of feet.

From afar, it looked like an irregular crater.

At the bottom of the crater, a figure gradually rose into the air.

As the figure walked out, a terrifying pressure emanated from it. The storm in the outside world became even more violent, and as it spread out, deafening whistling sounds rang out.

The sky also churned and changed as if responding to the emergence of this figure.

Moreover, black flames spread from its body, flowing along the ravines like a river from the underworld, representing death and slaughter.

Countless soul threads erupted from its body, blotting out the sky and circling it at high speed.



In the gap between the flames and the soul threads, the figure walking over step by step was faintly discernible. One could only vaguely see that it was a youth.

His peerless appearance couldn't be seen clearly. Only his long hair that fluttered in the wind shone with purple light in the fire.

This lasted until this slender figure walked out of the ten thousand-foot-deep crater and stood above the storm, standing between heaven and earth.

The wind blew his long black robe, bringing with it a cold and sharp intent.

He lifted his head.

It was a peerlessly beautiful face, giving off a feeling that it couldn't be blasphemed. It seemed to belong to a god.

His expression was cold but the circular mark shining on his forehead exuded a hint of evilness. That was the mark brought by the magus!

He was Xu Qing.

"Spirit Repository… perfection stage."

Xu Qing lowered his head and looked at the ravines on the ground and the soul threads surrounding him. He then took a deep breath.

He had spent the most time in the Spirit Repository realm. It wasn't because this realm was unprecedentedly difficult, but because his secret repositories were different from others.

Others were secret repositories, but his were divine repositories, an emperor repository, and a magus repository.

He demanded too much, so it naturally took more time.

It was only today that he could be considered to have reached the great circle of perfection.

However, there was still a necessary requirement before he could break through and step into Nihility.

"Heavenly Dao…"

Xu Qing's gaze was deep.

He recalled what Eldest Senior Brother had said about the way to obtain the Heavenly Dao.

The third segment of the Grand Hunt, the Divine Realm!

 "Then, the Divine Realm opened by the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race will be where I step into Nihility!"

"Even though I still lack four Heavenly Daos, my combat strength is completely different from before."

After pondering for a moment, Xu Qing restrained his expectations for the future. With a thought, the soul threads in the surroundings rushed over and quickly gathered on his body.

In the blink of an eye, the first god form was formed.

That was the combat strength of a first stage Nihility cultivator.

After that, even more soul threads gushed in. In an instant, the second god form appeared.

The fluctuations of a second stage Nihility cultivator's combat strength shook the surroundings.

Immediately after, even more soul threads fused into it and the third god form appeared. The power of the third stage of Nihility spread in all directions and the might of the god was earth-shattering.

This wasn't the end. When the last soul thread returned, the fourth god form erupted monstrously from Xu Qing's body.

That was the form of Crimson Goddess and also the ultimate god form.

Its combat strength at the fourth stage of Nihility swept through the sky, shaking the earth, distorting the void, and producing anomalous substances.

This form was Xu Qing's strongest state in the past. It contained all his cultivation strength and the divine authorities he had come into contact with in his life.

Regardless of whether it was the Sundial or the Purple Moon, they were all a part of this form.

"This form was the limit of my strength before I entered Jiuli."

"But now…"

Xu Qing closed his eyes and the fifth magus repository in his body erupted with energy. Roars from different heads of Jiuli rang out from Xu Qing's body.

The sky trembled and the clouds exploded. Endless waves spread out from the void. Jiuli's nine heads rushed out of his body and surrounded his body, forming a huge vortex.

They moved rapidly, forming a force that suppressed the surroundings.

It was a shocking sight.

Amidst the rumbling, Qiuniu was the first to leave the vortex and transform into an illusory dragon totem that rushed towards Xu Qing and adhered to his neck, forming a dragon armor!

It would empower Xu Qing in all Dao related to sound, and in Xu Qing's fourth god form, his words would echo like whispers of the gods. With Qiuniu's empowerment, these whispers would become even more terrifying.

Next, Chaofeng flew in and merged into Xu Qing's body, manifesting a pair of black wings on his back. As they flapped, a strong wind howled, causing the world to change color.

Chaofeng would empower Xu Qing in all matters related to speed.

Next were Pulao, Bi'an, and Chiwen.

Pulao transformed into arm armors, empowering all divine abilities. Henceforth, all the divine abilities and spells displayed by Xu Qing in this state would be empowered by Pulao, greatly enhancing his combat prowess.

Bi'an transformed into chest armor, empowering the Dao of sealing. Whether it was D132 or any of Xu Qing's sealing techniques, they would become extremely terrifying in this state.

As for Chiwen, it transformed into back armor. Its function was simple yet incomparable - it could dispel all disasters!

Immediately after, it was Baxia and Fuxi.

The former formed most of his body armor, covering more than half of the area. What it enhanced was Xu Qing's physical defense.

From now on, Xu Qing's defense would reach an incredibly astonishing height.

The latter had a similar effect, but what it enhanced was the soul.

In this state, as long as Fuxi didn't die, Xu Qing's soul wouldn't die.

Henceforth, his body and soul would be completely different from before in terms of defense.

The most special one was the Suanni!

Even Xu Qing was very surprised by its effect. What it transformed into wasn't armor but a wisp of green smoke that swayed behind Xu Qing and connected to the sky. What it augmented… was actually Xu Qing's divinity!

With its enhancement, Xu Qing's fourth god form was enhanced from the divine source.

On this point, after Xu Qing thought about it, he had a guess. Perhaps the original Suanni wasn't like this. It was because of the suppression and devouring by the spider god, resulting in a common mutation.

Only this answer could explain why the magus form of Jiuli's Suanni was actually compatible with divine powers.

Xu Qing buried this guess and looked at the last head of Jiuli.

It was Yazi.

It transformed into a malevolent mask. The moment Xu Qing looked over, it quickly flew over and landed on Xu Qing's face.

It enhanced slaughter. From now on, all magic treasures and weapons would display peerless ferocity under its integration.

The moment it came into contact with Xu Qing's face, the sky darkened and rumbling sounds rang out in all directions. Countless bolts of lightning danced like silver snakes.

At this moment, the storm became even more violent. In this strong wind, Xu Qing, who was standing in the sky, underwent a drastic transformation!

It was a bizarre figure, combining the god form with the magus form!

The grayish-black dragon armor exuded an aura of killing intent and mystery, while the totems of the nine heads of Jiuli carried the breath of ancient times.

With wings spread behind, a rising purple moon, and the god's body beneath the dragon armor, magus and god merged into one.

Even denser gray fog emanated from his body, enveloping the heavens and the earth, churning outward continuously, giving a deep sense of awe.

In this form, Xu Qing had a feeling.

He could turn the sky pitch-black with a thought.

He could collapse the ground with a gaze.

He could destroy all living beings with his thoughts.

He could ignore the rules with a raise of his hand.

"So, this is the battle prowess of the great circle of perfection of Nihility…"

Xu Qing mumbled. After recalling the few great heaven's chosen he had come into contact with in the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race, his eyes gleamed.

He was very clear that with the enhancement of Jiuli in all aspects, his combat strength had already surpassed the fourth stage of the Nihility and reached the perfection stage.

He was truly in the same combat strength range as Tuoshi Shan, Fan Shishuang, and Ji Dongzi. Moreover, he was at the peak.

This was Xu Qing's strongest shape now!

"However, this isn't the strongest state of the magus repository!"

"In the memory fragment of Jiuli's skulls, his magus form wasn't like this."

Xu Qing recalled the memory fragments he had seen. At that time, outside the God Killing Array, Jiuli who was sitting cross-

legged there had a vast gray fog behind him.

In the depths of the fog, there was a humongous creature with a frightening aura that could shake the heavens and the earth. Moreover, it wasn't in the shape of a dragon.

It looked like a human body!

"That's the true ancestral magus shape of Jiuli!"

Xu Qing was tempted and tried to activate the magus repository. However, no matter how he activated it, the magus repository only rippled and didn't show any signs of activating.

At the same time, a mysterious restriction was reflected in Xu Qing's mind.

It was like a sturdy barrier that couldn't be broken through.

Xu Qing narrowed his eyes and analyzed inwardly.

"With my current strength, I'm still unable to exhibit it…"

"Perhaps when I obtain the four Heavenly Daos and step into Nihility, I will have the ability to break through the barrier and allow the magus shape of Jiuli to reappear in the world."

At the thought of this, Xu Qing retracted his thoughts and looked into the distance.

He remembered the events after coming to the Mountains and Seas Region. From the time he met Ji Dongzi and was chased into Jiuli Forbidden, to the time he struggled with his life on the line and finally reaped a huge harvest.

Everything he experienced during this period, as well as the true history he saw, made him feel an indescribable emotion.

After a long time, a cold glint flashed in Xu Qing's eyes.

"Since I've strode out of Jiuli, then… Ji Dongzi!"

Killing intent rose in Xu Qing's heart. With a sway of his body, the sound of thunder burst in the sky and his figure tore through the air.































































The second segment of this Grand Hunt was destined to be filled with blood. At the same time, it was different from the past.

For example, the fluctuations in the large region had never appeared before.

Even though the three shrines had descended and suppressed the core of Jiuli, the fluctuations from the spider god still caused many bloodline stimulations in the ferocious beasts in the Mountains and Seas Region.

The savageness of the beasts in the Mountains and Seas Region, which were already filled with ferocity, became increasingly intense. In fact, small-scale beast tides even appeared in some areas.

Hence, the danger brought to the cultivators participating in this segment also soared.

Almost every day, many participants died tragically in this large region. Their flesh and blood became nutrients that nourished this place.

Amidst this chaos, some people benefited and obtained achievements that were originally impossible to achieve, obtaining precious mounts.

However, overall, there were more signs of chaos in the Mountains and Seas Region.

When Xu Qing left his seclusion and sped through the sky, he felt this even more clearly.

He saw a pack of beasts running violently on the ground.

It was a ferocious beast that looked like a horse but had six legs and a snake head.

Its name was flame walker.

It was called so because when this creature galloped, green flames appeared under its feet, and wherever it passed, green flames filled the sky, capable of burning souls.

As they galloped, within the flames surrounding their bodies, numerous souls of beasts and cultivators could be seen, bound by them, emitting cries of agony.

The moment Xu Qing passed by in the sky, this pack of flame walkers breathed out green smoke and were about to roar at Xu Qing.



However, at the next instant, the aura of Jiuli on Xu Qing's body spread out a little.

With just a trace, the group of originally berserk flame walkers all trembled and stopped. After that, they crawled toward the sky and wailed.

The wails weren't because they had suffered physical injuries, but because of pain and sorrow from their souls.

That was an instinct in their bloodline.

Jiuli was the Mystic Heaven Ancestral Magus. His aura and bloodline were supreme in this land.

The source of all the ferocious beasts in the Mountains and Seas Region was the great magi under Jiuli back then.

Hence, when they sensed the aura of Jiuli again, the memories of these ferocious beasts formed by the deaths of the great magi back then were evoked.

Xu Qing paused as he looked at the group of prostrating flame walkers. After a while, he flew into the distance.

Such scenes continued to appear on his way.

It was the same even in the sky. Groups of birds were stirring up a storm unscrupulously. However, the moment Xu Qing got close, these birds stopped in unison. They trembled and worshiped while wailing.

All of this allowed Xu Qing to deeply sense the sorrow of this group of ferocious beasts. He also sensed Jiuli's status here.

He even gradually felt as though he was walking in his own territory.

However, this feeling was accompanied by Jiuli's bitter emotions that accumulated in Xu Qing's heart.

Xu Qing didn't like to be affected. Hence, he erased the emotions that belonged to Jiuli.

As he moved, his speed became faster and faster. Several hours later, a dark glint flashed in Xu Qing's eyes. He had found the clue he was looking for.

It was a Si'e Race cultivator who was being chased by mountain sparrows.

This cultivator was a middle-aged man. Clearly, he had some methods, as he was about to escape even under the pursuit of several mountain sparrows.

However, at the next instant, a calm voice echoed beside him. When it landed in his mind, it was like lightning had exploded.

"Seal."

A single word spread out in the world.

 This was a seal enhanced by the Bi'an. The moment it appeared, ripples formed with the cultivator as the center and sealed the surroundings.

In the blink of an eye, the cultivator's body trembled and he suddenly stopped, unable to move at all. His body, soul, and even the space he was in instantly froze.

As for the mountain sparrows chasing after him, they all trembled. After that, as though they had received some order or were frightened, they quickly turned around and left.

Only the Si'e cultivator was left frozen in the air alone. The horror in his heart was already monstrous.

This lasted until he saw a figure appearing in the distant void. It walked over step by step and wherever it passed, black flames spread to the world.

The moment he saw the face clearly, a storm stirred in the mind of the Si'e Race cultivator. He recognized Xu Qing!

However, according to the information he knew, Xu Qing should have been killed by Ji Dongzi!

But now, he had actually appeared in front of him.

This scene caused the storm in the mind of this Si'e Race cultivator to reach the extreme. His body instinctively wanted to shudder but the seal was too strong, causing him to be unable to even shudder.

Hence, all the horror and fear could only be seen in his eyes.

This was especially so as Xu Qing walked over. Flames lingered around the cultivator's body, causing his body to feel intense burning pain. What frightened him the most was the pressure from Xu Qing.

This pressure caused cracks to appear on his body. He felt as though he was facing a Soul Accumulation.

"Do you know where Ji Dongzi is?"

Xu Qing looked at the Si'e Race cultivator in front of him and calmly spoke.

As his voice echoed, the restraints on the Si'e Race cultivator loosened a little. His hurried breathing suddenly rang out from the cultivator's mouth. The feeling of life and death was intense and his body could finally tremble.

However, no matter what, it couldn't dissipate the feeling of death. He quickly shook his head. He really didn't know where Ji Dongzi was.

"You don't know?"

Xu Qing was calm. Everything about the other party was clear in his eyes. At that moment, he lifted his hand and waved it. Immediately, a soul thread danced around the Si'e Race cultivator, tying him.

He only restricted this person's cultivation but didn't restrict his voice transmission. In fact, under the precision of the seal, the other party's storage bag could be opened. However, the only thing he could take out was the voice transmission jade slip.

Xu Qing wasn't going to kill this person now. This was because rather than searching for Ji Dongzi aimlessly, Xu Qing felt that it was better to make Ji Dongzi find him.

However, this required the cooperation of this Si'e cultivator.

The Diamond Sect's ancestor rushed out and moved around the Si'e Race cultivator. Its sharp tip swam along the cultivator's skin, leaving behind light marks.

The chill and the danger caused the Si'e Race cultivator to shiver even more.

"Are you going to call for help yourself, or do you want me to help you?"

The Diamond Sect's ancestor's figure transformed and he sat on the iron rod. He swept his gaze across the cultivator and spoke gently.

"Where should I poke a hole for you? You better hope you have enough connections, otherwise… hehe."

Under the gaze of the Diamond Sect's ancestor, this Si'e Race cultivator didn't hesitate at all. He immediately followed the other party's request and began to transmit his voice to his fellow clansmen for help.

Just like that, under the urging of the Diamond Ancestor, as Xu Qing continued to move forward in the sky, the cultivator from Si'e, who was tied to the soul thread on his back, kept transmitting his voice for help.

As for some of the signals sent in his voice transmission, Xu Qing didn't care. He hoped that more people would come.

However, it was unknown if it was because Xu Qing's ferocious reputation was too great, or if this cultivator from the Si'e Race wasn't popular, or if he was unreliable in his actions, but even after several hours, there was still no one coming to save him.

Xu Qing was getting a little impatient from waiting, so he decided to speed up.

Just like that, several days passed.

During this period, the cry for help from the cultivator from the Si'e Race became weaker and weaker. Despite the ferocity of the Diamond Sect's ancestor, this cultivator was powerless and could only wail.

Fortunately, he had gained many companions to distract the Diamond Sect's ancestor's attacks.

For the past few days, whenever Xu Qing encountered Baize and the Si'e Race, he would directly attack and tie them up before tossing them behind him.

Now, there were dozens of them…

These dozens of cultivators' hearts were filled with despair. Under the torture and threats of the Diamond Sect's ancestor, they kept sending requests for help. At the same time, their screams became increasingly hoarse.

As he looked at the increasing number of companions, the fear in the heart of the first cultivator to be captured by Xu Qing grew increasingly intense.

This was because in these few days, what he saw wasn't only Xu Qing's cruelty.

There was also the abnormality of the ferocious beasts from the Mountains and Seas Region!

On the way, he saw many ferocious beasts that he usually had to think of a way to escape from. However, the moment they saw Xu Qing, they indeed took the initiative to prostrate. Regardless of whether they were alone or in groups, it was the same.

It was like a subject seeing a king!

This scene was too shocking, so much so that he felt a sense of loss several times.

He had never heard of this before, nor had he seen any records of it in any records.

From what he knew, the ferocious beasts in the Mountains and Seas Region were all savage and untamed. If someone wanted to tame them, they needed strength and opportunities.

Moreover, after taming one, the difficulty of taming a second one would increase infinitely.

But now… He recalled all the ferocious beasts that had prostrated toward Xu Qing on the way. Some of them were even so on the rankings and were wanted by many cultivators.

It was obvious that as long as Xu Qing nodded, they would immediately run over and follow him willingly.

"Wha… wha…"

This unbelievable thing prompted the Si'e Race cultivator's heart to tremble even so more intensely.

Six days later, when the number of cultivators tied up behind Xu Qing hit over a hundred, the densely-packed crowd was a shocking sight.

They were sending out voice transmissions for help at all times, finally causing a monstrous storm in the Mountains and Seas Region.

The news that Xu Qing wasn't dead quickly spread.

The matter of him asking about Ji Dongzi's whereabouts also spread in this storm.

As for the savage scene of tying up over a hundred cultivators and flying through the sky, it naturally prompted the storm to become even so more violent and ferocious as other cultivators witnessed it.

Hence, Xu Qing's name once again emerged in the minds of all the participants and it was even so more profound than before.

Xu Qing was using his actions to tell Ji Dongzi.

"I'm waiting for you!"































































Time flowed by and another three days passed.

In these three days, the storm caused by Xu Qing had completely spread throughout the Mountains and Seas Region. Unless it was some lone wolves or people who were trapped in some situations, almost everyone had heard about Xu Qing and Ji Dongzi's matter.

Regarding Ji Dongzi, the publicly acknowledged second ranked heaven's chosen of the current generation of all the races of the Flame Moon Mystic Heaven Race, the Flame Moon cultivators directly or indirectly knew of his terrifying combat strength.

Hence, after knowing that Xu Qing actually used such a method to challenge Ji Dongzi, most cultivators didn't think highly of Xu Qing.

Even though Xu Qing had appeared in an extremely domineering manner this time around, he still couldn't change the bias of those cultivators.

After all, two months ago, Ji Dongzi spread the news to look for Xu Qing. After that, he announced that Xu Qing had died. Although Xu Qing didn't die, the period of time he disappeared was enough to show the outcome of the battle between the two of them.

Now that there was a two-month gap, so what?

However, what made people feel strange was that there was actually no news of Ji Dongzi responding to Xu Qing, nor did he appear. In fact, very few cultivators knew of Ji Dongzi's whereabouts.

This was a little thought-provoking and couldn't help but cause one's imagination to run wild.

As for the hundred-odd Si'e Race and Baize Race cultivators tied behind Xu Qing, countless guesses rose in their minds as they let out weak cries.

They had done their best. Over the past few days, they had transmitted their voices to everyone they could.

However, not only did Ji Dongzi not come, but none of the people they sent voice transmissions to appeared.

After all… no one was stupid. They wouldn't sacrifice their lives to save someone unless they had a certain level of confidence.

For example, now.



It was noon. This was the time of the day when the sunlight was the most intense in the Mountains and Seas Region. Yang qi rose and all dark and bizarre beasts would usually rest during this period.

The intense sunlight illuminated everything with clarity, brightening the entire world. As he traveled through the air, Xu Qing halted, gazing towards the horizon.

As he stared, the hundreds of cultivators who were screaming behind him immediately fell silent. All of them looked over nervously and expectantly.

In their eyes, there were four rainbows cutting through the sky, rushing over as though they wanted to tear the sky apart.

Within these four streaks of light, each contained a formidable cultivator with a remarkable presence and formidable cultivation.

Three of them were from the Si'e Race. Their expressions were gloomy and contained killing intent.

The last person was from the Baize Race. His body was burly like a small mountain and emitted dense qi and blood energy. His heartbeat was like muffled thunder, giving off a feeling that he was unrivaled!

What was even more astonishing was that the four of them had acquired impressive mounts.

The Baize Race cultivator had a winged giant python, ferocious and menacing, capable of soaring through the clouds.

As for the mounts of the three Si'e Race cultivators, they were each unique. One had the head of a lion and the body of a wolf, exuding a soul-captivating aura. The other was a turtle shell elephant that gave off a feeling of boundless strength.

The last one was a terrifying ghostly creature, shrouded in darkness and eerie in form.

These four mounts strengthened their combat strength quite a bit. Their auras spread through the sky, dyeing the sky pitch-black, swirling and spreading like a fog.

The moment they saw them clearly, the hundred or so cultivators tied up by the soul threads behind Xu Qing instantly became excited. They had naturally seen the heaven's chosen of their race before.

Those three Si'e cultivators were the strongest heaven's chosen of the Si'e Race in the second segment of the Grand Hunt. They were only at the second stage of Nihility but they possessed combat strength comparable to the fourth stage of Nihility.

Although they couldn't be compared to a peerless existence like Ji Dongzi, they would be considered heaven's chosen in other races as well.

As for the burly youth from the Baize Race, his body was comparable to a fourth stage Nihility cultivator. His status was even nobler as he was the second son of the Baize Race's patriarch!

After the four of them received the cries for help from their clansmen and knew about the storm Xu Qing had caused, they chose to join forces and arrived at this moment.

They had taken so long to appear which meant that they had made ample preparations and were very confident.

Hence, the moment they appeared, the four of them attacked Xu Qing immediately.

The fastest was the young master of the Baize Race. This burly youth exuded a fierce demeanor, and the vital energy emanating from his body seemed to possess a suppressive force. .

The instant he got close, he performed a series of hand seals with both hands and waved them fiercely. Immediately, crackling sounds rang out from the void around Xu Qing, forming countless cracks, as though they were about to be torn apart together. to be torn apart together with him.

 The power of rules and traces of laws collapsed at that moment, only to reassemble into the Dao belonging to the Baize cultivator.

Immediately after, the third eye on his forehead opened and emitted a red light that enveloped his entire body, transforming into a gigantic blood-red figure behind him.

The giant swung two terrifyingly huge hammers, causing the heavens and earth to tremble, and the winds to surge. With immense force, it descended upon Xu Qing.

At the same time, the mount of the Baize cultivator opened its mouth and ferociously bit at Xu Qing.

In the distance, the Si'e Race cultivator riding the ghostly creature instantly appeared behind Xu Qing, blocking the escape paths he might choose. He performed a series of hand seals with both hands while chanting.

Countless ghosts rushed out of his body, forming a spirit sea. Not only did they block Xu Qing's escape route, but they also sealed his surroundings.

As for the other two cultivators, one appeared above Xu Qing and the other below.

The cultivator who appeared above didn't use his divine ability but instead lit a red candle.

"Divine binding!"

Instantly, an image of Xu Qing appeared within the burning wick.

As for the cultivator below Xu Qing, he performed a series of hand seals while sitting cross-legged. His entire body began to rot as he activated a mysterious curse. Gray light that could taint the soul emitted from his body and erupted toward Xu Qing.

At this moment, the combined assault of these four individuals could be likened to an overwhelming force: the Baize cultivator attacked head-on, one Si'e cultivator sealed all directions preventing Xu Qing's escape, another used a special treasure to suppress Xu Qing's physical body, making it difficult for him to resist, while the last used a curse which contaminated Xu Qing's soul.

In addition, the mounts of these three cultivators also rushed straight for Xu Qing.

At the same time, in the clouds that were rolling back in the distant horizon, there was a figure that was faintly discernible. It was calmly walking over.

Although this person's aura wasn't as good as Ji Dongzi's, the difference wasn't much.

Due to the clouds and mist lingering around the figure, its exact appearance couldn't be seen clearly. However, its domineering aura was still extremely obvious.

However, for some reason, as this mysterious cultivator walked, they instantly stopped in the clouds.

They didn't dare to place their foot down!

Their expression, which was blurry due to the clouds, seemed to reveal a hint of shock and horror. The domineering aura also dissipated.

While this cultivator paused, gray fog rose in Xu Qing's eyes.

At the next instant, a massive amount of gray fog erupted from his body and spread in all directions, instantly affecting an area of 10,000 feet, enveloping the hundred cultivators behind him and the four rescuers.

The incoming heavy hammers were directly affected, and so were the surrounding seals.

The greatest changes were in the four mounts. Their bodies trembled and they actually changed sides. They revealed unprecedented cruelty toward their respective masters and pounced over fiercely.

Xu Qing's expression was calm. He lifted his head and looked at the Si'e Race cultivator who was holding the red candle.

The instant their gazes met, Xu Qing walked toward him.

The mind of the Si'e Race cultivator rumbled. The candle in his hand changed rapidly from its original slow burning state, as though it had received a huge stimulation. It instantly became intense. The entire candle only lasted for two breaths of time…

The candle melted fully!

The moment it was extinguished, the Si'e Race cultivator was about to retreat but it was too late.

Xu Qing's figure appeared in front of him. He lifted his right hand and grabbed the cultivator's neck. Amidst waves of mournful wails, countless gray fog flowed through his seven orifices and all the pores on his body, crazily surging into the body of the Si'e Race cultivator.

His body trembled and he let out miserable screams. His cultivation base was rejected and his body rotted until his body and soul were destroyed.

Xu Qing let go and disappeared from the spot.

When he appeared, he was in front of the Si'e Race cultivator who had used the sealing technique. This cultivator was retreating with a horrified expression. He could sense that Xu Qing definitely wasn't displaying the power of Nihility.

He felt that this was already infinitely close to the Soul Accumulation realm!

This discovery instantly caused the fear in his heart to reach its peak.

Hence, he shouted anxiously.

"Brother Tian Mo, you…"

However, his lifespan wasn't enough to support him to finish speaking completely. At the next moment, his body exploded into pieces and countless soul threads flew out.

Xu Qing left and walked toward the last Si'e Race cultivator below.

This cultivator trembled and wanted to leave. However, the gray fog had a karmic pull and he couldn't leave. When he saw Xu Qing walking over, his anxious expression was filled with madness as he quickly cast a large number of curses.

"Die, die, die!!"

Curses spread out from his body. The price was that his body kept withering and melting.

However, after these curses reached Xu Qing's body, they were like an ox entering the sea. They didn't cause any waves or obstruct him at all. At the next moment, Xu Qing calmly arrived in front of the Si'e Race cultivator.

Amidst this person's bitterness and despair, his life was reaped.

Finally, Xu Qing turned and took a step toward the quickly retreating Baize young master.

The instant he landed, he arrived in front of the blood-red giant formed by the Baize cultivator. He ignored the heavy hammers and walked past, appearing in front of the Baize young master whose expression had changed drastically.

The Baize young master's heart rumbled with extreme horror. The appearance of the gray fog shocked him and disrupted all their arrangements. As for the person they had prepared as a backup, he actually didn't appear.

The three heaven's chosen of Si'e Race had perished so simply. The huge gap between them almost made him collapse.

"Damn it, damn it, damn it!!"

"Didn't they say that he was chased by Ji Dongzi during their battle? This guy… the strength he is displaying now is even more terrifying than Ji Dongzi's!"

"And this gray fog… This is the Jiuli fog. Why is it being released by him… Are the changes in the Jiuli related to him?!"

Countless thoughts erupted uncontrollably. As Xu Qing strode past him, all the gray fog gushed into the body of the Baize cultivator. Amidst the extremely miserable wails, the body and soul of the Baize young master were destroyed.

The gray fog disappeared.

At the same time, the hundred or so cultivators bound by the soul threads disappeared. They were no longer of any value and all of them died.

In the sky, where the gray fog had covered earlier, Xu Qing was the only one bathing in the dense sunlight.

He looked at the clouds in the distance and serenely spoke.

"Tian Mozi."

The clouds and fog shivered and dissipated very quickly. A young cultivator from the Flame Moon Race immediately strode out.

He was none other than Tian Mozi, who was at the third stage of Nihility but possessed the combat strength of the perfected Nihility Realm. He ranked fourth in the Flame Moon Race's current generation and was the top talent of this generation within the jurisdiction of the Star Flame High God.

He had once fought against Tuoshi Shan and defeated him. From this, one could see how outstanding his combat strength was.

Right now, however, his expression was extremely respectful. He cupped his fists toward Xu Qing and bowed respectfully.

"Tian Mozi greets Brother Xu!"

"Tian Mo came here today to specially deliver two big gifts to Brother Xu."

"Firstly, it's these four slaves to appease Brother Xu's anger."

"Secondly, it's about Ji Dongzi's whereabouts! Under my close investigation, I've already found him for Brother Xu!"

As he spoke, Tian Mozi immediately deferentially handed over the jade slip he had just made.





























































